
how can i add czech language to the seamonkey mail?
install all languages you want on the Language Support menu
log out and select the language you want on gdm login window
hello?
 Im wondering if anyone can help me?
only way to get help is to state your issue
Does anyone happen to know what the 'super' button is? I'm trying to config compiz
it's usually the 'windows' key between ctrl and alt
thank you very much :)
hey i installed Slim login manager  and removed it .. now i can't log in .. ? how to set GDM again?
hey i installed Slim login manager  and removed it .. now i can't log in .. ? how to set GDM again?
did you try apt-get install slim
This is perhaps more of a xen question than an ubuntu one, but the xenites haven't been very talkative and I'm hoping someone in here has struggled through this:
When I try to create a domU, I get 'Error: Device 0 (vif) could not be connected. Hotplug scripts not working.' /var/log/xen-hotplug.log is full of ERROR 53: bad trap. I'm running Ubuntu Edgy, built my own kernel from the 3.03 source. I've read that this problem is caused by the scripts in /etc/xen/scripts beginning with #!/bin/sh instead of bash, but I switched them to bash and still have the same trouble.
you sure you got all of them?
? where is grub config file
/boot/grub/menu.lst
thanks
HALO9090, Invalid operation wine
HALO9090, ok np
Have you tried tab completion yet? It's a feature that you type the first few letters of the name then push tab and it completes it. :) Just a suggestion.
why ubuntu fails in security?
rebuild your kernal. that xploit was announced last week.
unless your hosting out shells, it doesnt matter anyway, its a local exploit.
wastrel that used to kill init at that early stage of the startup process, are you sure it's safe to ^C while booting ?
only use ^C for the things you dont want to load
please be respectful
Hi, I just installed xbuntu 8.x.. i am trying the gcc compiler, its complaining about not finding stdio.h
is this a known problem ?
ask in #ubuntu+1 please (probably just install build-essential)
Ubuntu _has_ a marketing team.
yo
sup
hi there anyone here knows where to get hacking programs
hi there anyone here knows where to get hacking programs
go away
how do I lookup a url?
to find whos hosting it?
maybe try ping that url ?
if one of my post to lists.ubuntu.com from 2008 is being indexed by google, who do i contact to remove my own post ?
i doubt you can remove posts from mailing lists, why would you want to?
it references one of my emails i dont wish to be public
does anybody know how to reset a mysql password?
http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/resetting-permissions.html
first match for google for 'mysql reset password'
this is how I do it: first line '
PATH=${PATH}:~/Apps   then 'export $PATH'
thanks
hi all
how can i clone a drive in ubuntu 10.04 lts ?
clonezilla?
i mean the idea about such a silly popup: 'my mum is not feeling ok, should i kick her?' type
well, anything (pop-ups included) that cause any kind of system breakage, even minor, need to be reported regardless.
yes, but in this case: 'my mum is not feeling ok' should be enough
what is the best and most popular distro based on fluxbox?
Is fluxbuntu really that popular?
yes.
is there a ubuntu server specific channel ?
thank you
but this channel works too
anyone know the project name for the IE explorer for linux?  I cant use firefox for what i am trying to do
IE4Linux ?
thanks
hey how do u send a message to a specific person
/msg user
I don't reply to personal messages. Do this with someone who is not busy
Should I install Linux first or Windows first?
windows
both will install boot loaders, but the windows one won't boot linux to save its life
is a 3 GHz processor good?
like for ubuntu?
just fine, yes.
trivia: where did the name 'Debian' originate from?
please stay on topic
it does
Does anyone know why the youtube videos become laggy once I fullscreen them?
could be the resolution
which praphics card you use? which java which flash?
Can someone help, Firefox removed all of my addons, which would normally only be a few minutes to fix, except that this is the 3rd time its happen, which is getting rather annoying. Anyone know what I can do?
delete your firefox profile, maybe it's currupted
Well, it wasn't working before emerald either, so I thought I might as well try it
you can own anything you want as long as you own domain.com or whatever other .xxx u know whatever i mean
like you want your own IRC  server.  you would do irc.domain.com you own domain.com and you can make it omg.domain.com anytime just gotta pont omg. to domain.com
from where i can point
Excuse me...I need some assistance....I want to play ZOMG but its not working for some reason
I'm using Ubuntu 9.10
do you have all of the appropriate flash installs and everything?
386 is pentium?
 pentium is 80586
 oh, ubuntu just calls the x86 architecture i386, even though it's built with i486 instructions and runs on 80x86
hmmmm
it seems like adobe flashplayer can't deal with youtube?
read th message and use it for youtube
would it be possible to install ubuntu onto a USB drive? (it's 2gb)  I was thinking about dsl or slax or something similar, but i'm all to comfortable with apt
I think 2GB is a little slim.
but it should be possible, search the forums, saw stuff about it.
there was flex builder for linux but adobe discontinued it
yeah it was flex builder 3. I need flex 4. Is there any eclipse plugin?
i mostly only code c so no idea :-)
how can I play DVD movies in Ubuntu?
check out libdvdcss
Thanks, testing now
hi im an new ubuntu user
so?
use wine to execute win app
what is the default shell in ubuntu?
bash
well i read some where that default shell for ubuntu is dash
Hey all, after an upgrade 3 days ago, everything of my edgy start to become slow:starting terminal, firefox, even open a new tab for a new website, I tried top and the cpu usage is almost always 0%, anyone can give me a start point to fix this?
check memory usage
can you help me look at this? Does this memory usage mean something wrong?Mem:   1034224k total,   588676k used,   445548k free,    16560k buffers
I'm new to this whole linux thing, how could I tell if I will be able to install it on my netbook and if the applications I want will work?
what applications do you want?
amsn, weechat and vlc media player
chmod -R nameOfDirectory/
What level do I need to set my inittab to not to start the xserver, or do i do that somewhere else?
it used to be runlevel 2... but then they screwed with the rc scripts
im only a noob but would 'init 3' log out X?
no, not in ubuntu as X runs at run level 2
it would work on other systems, eg: redhat
i seem to be having a problem running the ubuntu live cd, the cd was proplerly made, i set bios to boot from cd it loads up to the first screen, i run the install option, my computer and cd drive respond.....and after a minute or so it freezes....any ideas?
choose the lowest resolution like vga perhaps
no, during install at the boot prompt...F3 i believe
Is the newest ubuntu out?
it is out?
naomi: stop
hi everybody... A friend of mine got a virus on his windows system so it doesnt start up anymore. So now I wanted to help him by booting from an ubuntu cd and start a virus-scanner
is there a virus scanner integrated in the ubuntu live cd?
its optional can be installed
copy and paste is your friend
well I could simply use the -f flag and make it easier, but where is the fun
wow that paste trick rocks
how is ext4 working for those who have upgraded to karmic?
and is there a way to change my /home from ext3 to ext4
it's good no problems thus far
why doesn't eclipse have the orange ubuntu icon in the package manager ?
no icon
only the officially supported packages get those i believe
does Ubuntu support a desktop on two monitors like you can in windows?
you should be able to have dual monitor
apt-get does kernel upgrades
this is so stupid, when i start an application through terminal, if i exit out of terminal, then the application closes as well
easy, type: 'nautilus &' and nautilus will work independently
thanks for the nautilus suggestion
Is there a command line equivalent of restarting X with 'Ctrl+alt+backspace'?
just do sudo /etc/init.d/gdm restart
tyvm
hello :> would anyone be able to point out a guide on installing the nvidia drivers in 10.04?
yes, go to system, and 'hardware drivers' :)
Sorry, I'm using kubuntu so I don't think I have that :> I asked in the kubuntu channel but got no reply, i figured someone here might know
how can i force a different frequency for the refresh rate :/// the only mode available here is 60hz when its meant to be 75
probably would have to edit xorg.conf, but I would advise against that
does it make your screen look bad??
btw, I'm running xubuntu, so if anyone is following along in gnome, correct me if I get a filename wrong...
For what, nautilus?
for example the /xsessions file in xfce is xfce session but in gnome it's just GNOME
hey all, ive had 3 system crashes today, just stopped responding.. is there a log i could view to try and get this sorted?
thanks babalot
you can look into System->Administration->System Log
hello all
any1 alive here?
no, we are all zombies :P
what is a downscript?
anyone there to answer my question?
it would help to have some context.
apt-cache search fglrx
Or search for fglrx in synaptec
thanks
is gutsy out already?
No.
Not officially. :p
apt-get upgrade
NO!
he doesn't want a stuffed system
Hello all, I'm a linux newbie and I'm moving alot of files from one computer to another with different users and when i use chown to change owner of a directory it changes the ownwership of the directory but not the contents....is there an arguement or something I'm doing wrong?
thanks alot
chown -R user:group /some/directory
 When I boot from my Live USB, it says it can't find a medium with a live file system
are you sure its a complete iso
yes it's complete
how do I compile a .c file? ( from this site http://www.linux-gamers.net/modules/wiwimod/index.php?page=HOWTO+Mouse+Button)
gcc -o Output SomeFile.c  iirc
install it through synaptic
What do you mean bluefoxicy ?
give mount the option -oumask=000 and everyone will have access. If you need to restrict further, see options uid, gid and umask
also, change /t to -t ;)
Is an upgrade from 6 a more stable way to install 7? :)
Why exactly are ubuntu CDs so much more likely to burn improperly than any other cd I've ever used?
good question.
didnt change anything there yet..
new laptop.. :P
if you try dual monitor support.. let me know how it urns out qo8
I can't ping 74.13.96.145 from here eater.
I think you need a dns like http://no-ip.com
maybe you need java installed?
it may be a good solution.. but it wont help him the next time the problem comes up.. make him understand that only one package manager can be used at once
check the acpi doc
so just let him close all instances of apt etc etc..
No, don't tell me no one has ever got zune working on ubuntu
that would be horrible
Microsoft hasn't developed Zune software for Linux, if that's what you're talking about
i've installed a process manager better than top, but for the life of me cant remember it's name, something to with top, anyone have ideas?
htop
thanks thats the one :)
is there any way to get ubuntu running on an old 533mhz with 32mb of ram box?
32 mb, i'd go with a text install from the server or alternate cd
good luck
hey, I know multimedia isn't exactly ubuntu's strengths, but can somebody help me fix this damn 'clicking sound' bug? All the old fixes don't work anymore in 12.10
good for you
what is the clickingsound bug?
haha
which r other OS of linux?
there are many, look at www.linux.com for a (partial) list
hey guys! I don't have super in my keyboard. Is there any alternative ?
super = window key
i tried it. it does not work :(
hi guys .. strange issue.. I cannot install any themes ..Themes>> install theme >> then selecect the theme file  ( sleekdragon.tar.gz), , it says file format error
its inside my /home/usrname/.themes/dirname/theme
you can just unpack the theme to the theme directory probably
Hello, I am trying to install winxp using VMware and it stucked at the part where it 'installs peripherals' or something like that. Is there anything I can do ?
there is a guide on Ubuntuforums.com on how to install XP with vmware
I know but the guide I found stops giving info when it says : then install windows xp and enjoy
ubuntu2-> what? what os do you currently have installed?
opensuse and windows
opensuse boots fine but windows freezes at start up i am wondering if opensuse grub loads windows partition etc properly
how do you change the timeout on GRUB
cant, getting a not authorized error
use sudo if its in the command line and gksu gedit if you want gui
hello, I have problem with ubutnu 8.04 64 bit amd and skype, I cant install it, somebody can help me
hello, I have problem with ubutnu 8.04 64 bit amd and skype, I cant install it, somebody can help me
there is a binary skype who runs
Can Ubunti get the folloqing packages from the Install CD? dkms build-essential make linux-headers-generic
they are on the cd - yes
Thanks; might need some luck for Ubuntu noob to build a NIC driver but I'll give it a try
Hello everyone.  I seem to have gotten myself into a sticky situation.  I followed a guide to enable internet connection sharing on my laptop (using my phone as a hotspot and trying to share the connection to my eth0 device), but it didn't work and now I can't disable it.   When I go to Network Settings, I can't click on 'Configure...' under 'Wired'.. it's grayed out.  Help!
A link to the guide would help.
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Internet/ConnectionSharing
im having problems installing kibadock , does anybody have any experience with that
?
extreme moviez froyd?
we can discuss hacking here?
i would like to share some techniques of hacking
not here please
bah, even windows connects to the internet properly....what the hell happened ubuntu
it stopped resolving DNS altogether
check /etc/resolv.conf
how can i save my SSH keys to copy them on a new laptop?
There are host keys are in /etc/ssh. You probably don't want to transfer those, as they *are* supposed to be host-specific. The other keys you might need are in $HOME/.ssh which you can/should copy. Most people copy their $HOME directories anyway when they move machines...
MenZa: thx : but i have multiple SSH keys from different machines
that is intresting question LjL
the definition off operating system has been argued long and large, but at least in an informal setting, it's definitely fine to call ubuntu an OS
no
anyone know why, when i boot, it appears that 2 soundcards are loaded? it reports... found alsa 0 AND found alsa 1? is that normal?
if you have an onboard soundcard, or a webcam with a microphone
ah... thanks! i have just installed a webcam with a mic, that would be that then! cheers
anyone know how to copy files to a directory without overwriting current files?
I bet 'man cp' does =)
hmm.. no, you're right.. but perhaps you could use rsync instead.. that has an 'ignore if already exists' option
what's the location for the software sources list?
/etc/apt/sources.list~
/etc/apt/sources.list
Do I have to write iotop -oPa in a terminal when that happens???
I'm installing it right now :)
firefox (unless they changed it recently) blocks on a bunch of osync writes, which can cause ff to hang for a few seconds during high disk activity.
linux is in a wierd state where its good for the experts and the incredibly non-expert
but for middle-skilled people linux is still a little out of reach
Yeah, it's weird that.
is it possible to get the cool aero window snap feature from ubuntu 11.04 on ubuntu 10.10?
thats the only thing im missing now :D
you should be able to get the windows snap in compiz
permissions say read only
it's just a little nudge to remind you to use visudo
lol
is there any city building games for linux (ala simcity)
df
thanks
This is the place to get some help with Ubuntu, right?
Do I need to 'wait in line' or just sort of tell my problem?
just ask
kick ass
i need to hack a server in my hack fest
Not this channel.
how can you run a program in sudo without using the terminal?
how do i figure out what the actual name of the program is... i used add/remove programs to install it
try finding the icon in the menus, right clicking and looking in the command field
I'm not familiar with any editable options for that
Okay. Thank you though... it's good to know Intrepid can do it.
np
Hi, I'm new to ubuntu, it is better PlayOnLinux or Wine
wine + http://www.steamgamesonlinux.com/
thank you
will rm -rf / actually succeed in wiping my disk?
soak it in peanut butter to get rid of everything
nono, it's meant to be usable :)
sorry, i got bumped off line.
did anyone find a way to change cd mount points ?      or is it hard coded into apt as /cdrom ???
make /cdrom a symlink
meh, logging out and back
heh
hehe
if I preceed a command with sudo it will run the command as root right?
thank you
5 points
hi guys I have 8.04 installed but I can't get wifi working it's a fresh install. I used restricted drivers
if you haven't done it yet. then go to terminal and 'sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgade && sudo apt-get dist-upgrade'.. this will update you system
that might make things easier for wireless..
where does the package manager download to?
It downloads .deb to /var/cache/apt/archives/
it would most likely install the binary you're after to /usr/bin/
why isn't ghostview on the repositories? I think it was a while back...
is package 'gv' what you're looking for?
oh, that seems to be it :P, thanks!
my DST is messed up
do any of you know if beryl has an IRC channel, or if there is one relating to that topic?
#beryl and #ubuntu-effects good places
dwade09 I hope your win7 on sd2 is backed up
 why?
 and CkhiKuzad i cant even get into the the ntfs side it wont boot into it says something about the grub is missing
i dunno what you  mean by type ath0 over eth0
btw i've been using linux for just about 3 hrs now
my PMs are being blocked i think
driver problem potentially
or video bios prob. what graphics card do u have?
is that a widescreen?
xp
any ideas?
yes
just realised I've been pronouncing it you-bun-too since the beginning and no-one has corrected me
I think the name choice was a bad idea for something trying to become popular
i think your name choice was a bad idea for someone trying to get assistance
try to kill it then launch it in a terminal
type 'gnome_panel'
Why would that help? It's with the windeco, not the panel
hi,
i have just installed xchat-gnome  but there is no user list, is this normal ? :)
 it can be enable I think but most of us use xchat, instead
air brushed..?
please take this to #ubuntu-offtopic
sp0rk, last warning, please take this conversation somewhere else, this is a support channel
how do i install flash player 10?
Why does 'Ubuntu have to fix this' when 'this' has nothing to do with Ubuntu? It's Flash, which is a pain on *every* operating system.
Obviously you haven't read 'How to Make Friend and Influence People'. You don't come into a support channel asking for *free* help for an OS for which you paid nothing and then whine about how bad it is, how Windows is better, how 'linux should fix it', as if 'linux' were some corporate entity that owed you something. You, sir, are an ignoramus.
wow, ubuntu kicks ass these days
last time I used it was 6.10 and it sucked horribly
lol yup
when i boot, clock synch FAILS to connect to ntp.ubuntu.org. Is the server down?
if it's not only me ... gues server is down
ping ntp.ubuntulinux.org and see for yourself...
Is there a SSH command to transfer a local SSH key to a remote server's .ssh folder, and have the correct permissions set on that remote folder?
scp?
scp creates the remote folder and sets the relevant permissions on the folder and SSH key file too?
try adding to /etc/fstab :
/dev/path/to/drive  /path/to/mount/point  udf,iso9660 user,auto   0   0
I have that line except 'noauto' so thats the clue I guess...
hello
i am running Ubuntu 7.10 and want to upgrade to 8.04 now. What should I do?
Please join #ubuntu+1 for Hardy/8.04 support/discussion.
Another question. I want to helt a friend to install Vista in his computer but is it possible to do this remote using Linux in some way? He has got Vista recovery CDs but I want to do it through Linux remote. Is it possible?
Is it possible to reinstall Windows Vista using some kind of remote access to for example a Ubuntu Live CD? I want to reinstall Vista using Vista recovery CD but doing it remote from my computer having Ubuntu Linux.
not that i know of
www.nessus.org is up ? anyone could  try to open that url ?
doh
it works
hey can any one tell me how to copy one file into another
what kind of file? flat file?
i dont know anything ppoe, sorry i cant offer any help.
can anyone recommend a nice light-weight dos emulator for xubuntu?
dosbox ?
that is what i was thinking
Hi all. I am running Ubuntu 9.04 desktop edition with an nvidia geforce fx 5200. Since 2 nights ago the display seting has changed to 640*480 from 1024*768 and nothing I do seems to change it - there is no other option either in the nvidia tool or the system display settings tool above 640*480. Additionally, the only software I installed apart from the last updates two or three days ago is ksplice uptrack - though I can't see what that 
ok, thanks for responding
try reconnecting cables both on desktop side and monitor side; for some it helps for others doesn't but worth a try
but a bad disk could do it too
sorry
what is ubuntu+1?
can anyone tell me how to disable the gnome login screen in command line?
do you want to boot into console?
only once or allways?
hm, I thought it was the other way around?
1MiB = 1,000,000  B; 1MB = 1,048,576 B?
You got it backward
Does ubuntu straight out-of-the-box handle floppy disk automouting?
+n
which on PC hardware is retarded
i want clear my MBR. i cant get a dos fdisk to do fdisk /mbr .  how can i do this in ubuntu? i can do fdisk here too. different usage is confusing me. thanks
when u say 'clear' what do you mean?
oh, no idea then. google?
why wont amarok play any of my music
it says its playing it, but it doesn't
what kind of files are they
you can just click the download link in the corner and choose either epub or pdf
yes, this is correct, because you aren't supposed to download them
it's not to download the full book, just the part that is available
Does someone know, where i can find a compleet list of software developed for linux, or any list about what kind of software is requested by users of ubuntu?
that would be as hard to compile as a Dictionary
what's your intent?
how do i add an sudo-authed user? (my brother have an acc, but he cant get sudo)
you've a file /etc/sudoers
my english's not the best, but if you've got some patient with me, I'll try to explain...
damnit, I just spilled coffee in my logitech keyboard
 hawke, haha
not necessarily
i really need help with this error cant find X libraries when making ./configure
Install the xorg-dev package
thanks
does ubuntu work well with nforce2 chipsets, I'm thinking about trying out ubuntu since it's completely free :)
you could download and try the live CD first, I'm pretty sure it works with nforce2
that's a good idea :)
Hi. My browsers (through html5 or direct input) work with PulseAudio just fine. However, when Flash utilizes a microphone I do not see a recording source in pavucontrol.
Any input is greatly appreciated.
When I use gtalk, the input gain keeps adjusting between pauses in speach and cranks the gain to the point where I am pikcing up every room noise and outside NYC noise
he meens /
if people actually did that, this channel would be dead :)
it is ubuntu after all ...
Java is in 7.04's repositories, right? Does this mean the JDK is too?
Goody. Just installed 7.04. I'm pleasantly surprised. It starts up so much quicker then 6.06
it may be in a commercial repository i can't remember.
Oh, another question if you don't mind, is it possible to set up my mounts as a network share with the name 'C$' and 'D$'?
sure
same way you would with a 'normal' network share
Any idea how to disable fd0 when booting live cd on a ThinkPad?
no idea, but you can always try using the alternate, I was having some tty error booting from the live, but didn't get an error when I used the alternate
hmmm, thanks, but I need the live cd running there (can't install right now).
how can i register a user
i am just jion this kind of chating
there is users file under admin
I won't choose it again as soon as i figure out how to fix my boot partition
look around the internet, did you ever think to google it
your problem was solved about 20 minutes ago, how about you leave so others can get the support they require
you need to burn 'an image' not a file that is the most usual reason for a failure to burn it right
- do you mean to burn a mounted disc image, rather than just selected the .iso to burn?
now you have me lost, the biggest failure is that people burn an iso as a file to a disk when they should burn an image to a disk then it will boot, also make sure your using the correct ppc version  for your chip,
With the last update of firefox I'm not able to watch videos
I'm wondering if anyone else has this problem
 not me
how do I figure out if tomcat is installed on my ubuntu install?
like seriously how do I search for tomcat on this crap
you could try 'locate tomcat' and see if anything comes up
!tell theine about themes
That was a rhetoric question...
sorry - missed that you were using sarcasm font (TM)
is there a limewire-type of app for ubuntu?
thanks
yea limewire
yes
sorry,
in gnome desktop menu
hi all!
welcome aboard.
thx
can' you just rename flv to avi and play?
i have done that successfully many times
realy depends on the codecs used
sucks,,, windows xp rulez!
cannot record sound
rulez
Do you people receive this message ?
ya
cool :)
shame too :p
hehe
well that aint my fault :)
How can I figure out whats blocking my audio?
lsof /dev/dsp* /dev/audio* /dev/mixer* /dev/snd/*
Thanks
Does anyone know of a terminal based cpu temperature monitor?
I'm trying to see if I can overheat my home made 1U server
sensors, from the lm-sensors package
can someone please help me out? im trying to give dev/sdb2 more space http://imgur.com/UaK88.png
it wont let me resize the extended partition
I think you can remove swap and extend sdb2 and recreate swap
how do i compile python programs?
you dont
actually, I suppose you can.  You mean compiling into bytecode?
hi, Im new over here ..what's the most Important thing to know about this thing?
that's a scary first advice :P
you have something specific you need help with?
I keep getting my unity bar on the left frozen open, this sucks because a maximized window is covered by it on the left side. Any ideas how to reset unity and how to keep it from happening?
http://maketecheasier.com/autohide-unity-launcher-in-ubuntu-natty/2011/04/20
I like that it dodges windows, that setting is actually good, but it stops working after a while
so, now you've fixed forecasts for the UK, can we have weather maps too? :P
well, what happened to gscreensaver?
cool, thanks
does any debian package work with ubuntu?
any sure yes
ubuntuguide.com
is there any GOOD ipod management tools for ubuntu that isnt listed in the repos?
have you looked at Medibuntu?
it may not be possible to do what you want because the ipod is full of drm
hello. i'm trying to install ubuntu from an installation cd. the pc boots the cd fine and after pressing 'install ubuntu' i get an error message saying 'uncompression error -- system halted' what could this be?
drive fail?
it's possible, it's one of those external usb drives. it worked a few days ago. i'll double check it on another machine but i doubt that is it
I have a vhost with 4mb of free memory, how can I get a list of the top memory consumers?
top -o size
thanks
I'm having problems with the networkmanager pptp vpn connection, the vpn server and microsoft
explain your problems
when I said explain your problems, I meant 'explain your problems' not repeat them
does anybody know how to get Emerald Theme Manager?
'aptitude install emerald'
sorry, 'sudo aptitude install emerald'
Georgie; good luck....
i'm on wpa/wpa2 . and my wifi is hidden....
Wifi hidden doesn't actually help that much, but WPA2 helps alot ^_^
http://unetbootin.sourceforge.net/ this ?
nope, for that you're best looking at bootdisk.com
http://bootdisk.com/pendrive.htm you can use any of these, just copy contents of winxp setup to usb after
why is my command not working to change nick in irssi
look in the status window for an error
or alt + left and right arrow
whats the cmmand to delete a folder?
thankx
rmdir
hey firestarter see's in/out were i haven't seen anything show up in Gufw's is there something wrong?
firestarter and ufw use different setting and are unlikly to run (properly) at the same time.
firestarter is deamon, so: sudo service firestarter stop
hi, does the 2.6.27-4-generic kernel include the patch to make the NVM read-only on e1000 cards ? and why doesn't my ethernet card on my X61s work with that kernel ?
the 2.6.27 is on ibex, so ask on #ubuntu+1
ok
Anyone here know how I can set up my xubuntu desktop for sharing?
since xubuntu lack Remote Desktop
install vnc4server
does anyone know how to update the azureus script to use a new JRE?
for a CLI client that is
that's subjective
'make: *** No targets specified and no makefile found.  Stop.'   I get this error whenever i try to make anything.
try ./configure first
make sure you have build-essential installed
hi
is there a subversion ubuntu server howto?
try https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Subversion
Hey
hi
do you have the libraries
!hi | me
seriously? I paid $100 for my linux
he was talking about virtualbox.......
you sure that dir is right?
oh sorry, yes it's right
yes
Guys, I have trouble authenticating myself as root. I'm certain that the write password is being input.
right password *
  open a terminal    sudo passwd root   change the password and be careful that caps lock is not enabled
ehh
como se cambia aqui de canal
/join #ubuntu-es
type sudo apt-get remove --purge apache2
I have, But the files still exist. And when i reinstall i continue to get my error
type sudo apt-get remove --purge apache2
how can i block a program from accessing the internet?
firewall
but how to set a program to be blocked?
Can someone please tell me how to actually reinstall a package in ubuntu, since --reinstall _does not_ reinstall shit
you do the same for installing except it says you have it installed would you like to reinstall
yeps.. apt-get install opennnms --reinstall
Hey guys, I have a problem, I installed Windows Vista after installing Ubuntu 6.10 (both on different partitions) and I have already tried some things from the RecoveringUbuntuAfterInstallingWindows.. but I haven't still been able to reinstall GRUB
you need a bootable linux (cd/disk) which is able to boot your local drive, then run grub-install. that should do the trick
s/Hard Drive/Partition/
how do i find a file like testpage.php on my harddrive??
how do i find a file like testpage.php on my harddrive?
read up
uh uh .. sudo nautilus... :/
yeah, bad idea...then he left...
i wish him luck ^^
Hi, if I make a USB installation drive using universal usb installer (on windows) would it make my USB drive unusable for future use ?
do u mean a usb boot of windows?
I mean I want to install ubuntu using USB. So if I use universal USB installer (as given on ubuntu site) to write the iso on my pen drive. Can I use the pen drive for other purposes later ?
how 2 do a ISO?
yes
do you mean burn an iso or create an iso?
How can I edit the gateway four an eth0 connection? The route command failed to set it
edit /etc/network/interfaces
http://www.ubuntugeek.com/ubuntu-networking-configuration-using-command-line.html
anyone ever installed safari in ubuntu other than through wine????
??
it is possible to get Safari running on linux, using wine (i had it running under 8.04, did have a problem with fonts)
Hey, what's the best window manager. I like gnome, but it's way too slow.
try lxde, xfce or even blackbox or it's derivatives open/flux box
XFCE's nice, but not much faster in my experience. Haven't heard of lxde before, though. I'll that. Thannks
hi folks. just finished installing ubuntu. im a first timer.
welcome to the wonderful world of Linux
gparted
sudo
on its own its not acceptable
I thought you would be running a command, like sudo apt-get, immediately after.
is 6881 the right port to be open for azureus ?
not azureus sorry ..... limewire
try 52525 for azureus its faster
Can someone tell me about the categories of packages & what support they receive? Specifically, what packages that are available in the ubuntu repos get supported by canonical, which ones get security updates, etc. I'm sure it is written down somewhere, but I can't find it
see https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Repositories
that's the page! thanks! *bookmarked*
hi. is there a command line tool for downloading mail from an exchange server using MAPI? sort of like a fetchmail, but with MAPI
evolution should have that ability
I'm looking for something more light than evolution, something that could fetch the emails in a maildir
Hey I hate to jump in and ask a random question, but how do you set your hostname as invisble on here?
ty
dude this is a chanell to help each other dont forget that Ubuntu means humanity to others
Hi, is it possible to run windows and linux at the same time?  I have a dual core.
dualboot or vm?
Checkout VirtualBox or VMware
how to change xfce to iceWM on Xubuntu 11.10?
 install icewm, select icecwm at the login screen
 what package?
how I connect to ubuntu es channel??
chevere
  escribar  /join #ubuntu-es
Can I get any pointers on using notification-daemon? It doesn't seem to have a man page.
But that won't pop up a message on my son's computer telling him to go to bed.
ha ha -- you can always knock on his door :)
Hi>  I am downloading the new Ubuntu and was wondering if there were any major improvements in Kubuntu because I thought I would give KDE a run
or is a majority of the changes only effected ubuntu/gnome
try #kubuntu
!uboto xmltv
!ubotu xmltv
you must have angered the ubotu
is there an alternative to gtk-gnutella?
is linux insecure by default?
no
hey all, i'm looking for a way to recursively download an apache generated folder.. kinda OT, sorry, but i figured someone here might know
wget -r ?
looks like it might work, thanks
how to get my ip
from terminal
ifconfig -a
Don't 'bump' your posts, it doesn't actually get you support any faster and is annoying.
if i don't bump my posts, how else is it going to get exposure?
People explicitly look for unaswered posts on the forums.
there aren't many services you don't need otto_
cups perhaps, if you don't print :D
thanks for the help
my ubuntu machine is not running the ssh service. How can i turn it on?
install it :)
how?
guys, can you recommend me a player that is easy to use ? like winamp is on windows. I've tried xmms in the past, was satisfied, but I see they only complicated things in xmms2, and rhythm box... maybe I'm retarded, but I have an empty playlist and can't add a folder recursivelly for the life of me...
vlc, audacious.
exaile
is there any command in FTP to transfer only the updated portions of files like the rsync command???
but i see that rsync is much slower than normal FTP
I grepped for »update« in 'man ftp' and got no output.
I'm new to IRC is there a decent guide anywhere? common commands etc...
thank you
 you could try asking in #freenode
OK
HOW  TO  JION?    ubuntu-cn
/join #ubuntu-cn
i cannot get html to include other html, can anyone help?
 idd, include is a php tag, not html
 php saves the day
is there a program meant to take a linux pc's man pages and serve them as html?
awesome. do you know what it's called?
could try:     man:cp     in nauitlus' address bar, Konqueror can do it
!javadeb
!tell yipe about javadeb
I already installed that
sh <file> might do the trick too
dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
thanks
sup
Ubuntu: An ancient African word meaning 'can't install Debian'
it actually means I can't install slackware
thats mean
someone hacked the channel? ;_;
no stuff like this happens sometimes
What works better World of Warcraft under Wine or under a VMWare session?
under wine
Thanks
Oh yeah! We have SMP kernel now ! :D
THANK YOU mrtimdog and UB
np
!grub | cilkay
I didn't lose GRUB after installing Windows.
the grubhowto has a section for reinstalling grub, i think that may help
What on earth is an eft?
a lizzard
ask wikipedia
papsk...hope this helps https://answers.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+question/14909
helge...videocard?
using intel chipset videocard.. the qube spins and all, just not between the desktops I have defined..
anyone here use gwibber twitter client? twitter avatars are not renderer for me, but facebook ones are
animated or just the profile pics?
not a single one is rendered, you just see blank clickable space where you should see profile pix
what is the difference between linuxhosting and windows hosting?
well, in the one case its linux running on the server, in the other case its windows...
why do windows and linux exist in the first hand? why do people use windows as a desktop operating system?
xabul: ill tright it but connection refused he says
hi everybody
hello
If I decide to use Ekiga on Ubuntu for Audio/Video chat, what options do my friends in the Windows world have?
skype, aim, yahoo messanger
how can my friend on yahoo messenger do video chat with me on Ekiga?
What ssh server is mainly used in ubuntu, and how do I start this server in terminal?
yah ok.. and is there any special command to start it in ubuntu?
openssh-server to start use /etc/init.d/ssh start (maybe sshd start) install the server first, of course
HTRHTRHXSTRRRRRRRRRRRRRU
HELLO COMO ESTAN TODOS HABLAN ESPAÑOL
y escribe en minusculo
x
quit
you want /quit
where can I find ubuntu karmic x64 to download ?
ubuntu-9.10-alternate-amd64.iso.torrent this will work for an intel processor ?
if your cpu is 64bit-capable, yes
hey guys. all i am trying to do and have been trying to do is to get Flash to work on my FireFox. And in the process of trying to follow different instructions from different sites, after each thing i try not working, i somehow managed to mess up my installer??? I am really in the woods here.. Any help would be appreciated
are you using an x64 installation?
yeah thats aq little trickier
Hello , does Ubuntu 9.10 have a 64 bit version ?
it does
http://releases.ubuntu.com/karmic/ubuntu-9.10-desktop-amd64.iso
if I have shell only ubuntu. which command do I need to install gnome with apt-get fully? internet connection is established
if I have shell only ubuntu. which command do I need to install gnome with apt-get fully? internet connection is established
sudo apt-get install ubuntu-desktop
hello to everyone
can any one tells me how to run .wma files in ubuntu
I think there is a plug-in for xmms, but im not sure
how to check the amount of video memory present in my system..
lspci -v | more
for more info see; http://www.extremetech.com/article2/0,2845,2114120,00.asp
Is the umask override in the NTFS driver? I can't remember the exact behaviour....
umask=022
Ok, just checked the code, it sets default then parses the mount options. :-)
did you see this
yeah i see you
 have you tried to install itools in snaptic
anyone know how to get tvout going on an old radeon? google isnt helping
I'd look on the mythtv.org site.
thanks, they say the ati official drivers which im not having much luck with :(
what number for chmod is a normal file
in order to get acess to a file what do i type in chmod
chown <filename>
what should i chmod my home/user/.gnupg/gpg.conf to since it warns about wrong permission
mine is 600
ok thx
Jordan:  here is what i did.  I presssed Alt F2 then check the box run in terminal the command that you first told me (I forgot what it was)  then I got a file and added a line w/o quotes and clicked save.  That was it.  Did I miss anything?
jordan:  I will do this and report.  This chat list is huge. Is there a way to see just what you wrote to me so I review and maybe help others one day?
FYI, I keep a notepad open and copy good ideas into it all the time and have it as a reference
hi, will 'docky' this program make any sense under ubuntu11.04, since there will be unity launcher already
?
join #ubuntu+1 for natty questions/issues
hey guys, i just reformatted one of my computers, stuck ubuntu on and i can't get the X-Display to start, i don't think it's recognizing my graphics driver....i grabbed the ati drivers and tried to run them, they seemed to install, no luck on reboot, how do i configure X via command line to use the drivers I installed? Please help! =)
what video card do you have?
i would have to pull out the card to check...let me try imbrandon's comand first, i know i always get their 8500+ drivers from the website
hmm... it's 5:40am... i think i should go to bed
heh
- Are ya wimping out on us? - lol    g'nite :)
hi
how can I run .exe in ubuntu ?
windows executable? you would need wine but it doesn't work for all apps
Hello everyone, I was wondering if someone could help me with my sound issues. Everything in Ubuntu works fine, except for my sound. I run an intel HDA on an Acer 8204. Alsa mixer seems to be in order.
is your speakers plugged in?
sorry had to. :)
idleone: is that custom unicode?
Prolly some kanji that looks like a smiley.
If you never want a command history, echo unset HISTFILE >> ~.pprofile
why is it that 'ln -s somefile ~/.somefile' makes a link from ~/.somefile to ~/somefile?
 use full path
how do i script it then?
Hi! Quick help needed: fast way to install nVidia propietary drivers? I downloaded them from nvidia.com, but as I cannot disable xwindows, I cannot install them
I should not use nvidia.com drivers? I don't mind they are propietary, I just find them better. I did in the past with automatix, but I though Ubuntu was going to support nvidia propietary drivers in next 7 release
ubuntu *already* offers the proprietary nvidia drivers. you just have to install them. and not from nvidia.com or using automatix, just from the *normal official repositories*
!ppoe | itsme2011
!adsl
Encr9 a nifty thing that always helps is compiz-icon.
i'm listening to The Killers with The World We Live In since 01:54
Vero, are you Veronica?
sorry, I thought it was my friends's nick
ok.. Xorg crashes if I want to use Xv
ranyone know if ubuntu for i386 will work on amd64 ?
yes
i jsut do fresh install of ubuntu but i cannot find xmms any reason for this/
tjhis/
install it? sudo apt-get install xmms
guys is Windows XP faster than Ubuntu or Linux in General?
I found that Win Xp is faster in opening programs than Ubuntu
on my old computer WinXP was booting much fastier than Ubuntu, but Ubuntu worked much fastier than WinXP :P
How do I request a webcam session in Pidgin?
for pidgin questons please refer to the channel #pidgin
ok. But Pidgin is part of Ubuntu though.
Is there a way to remove the kubuntu partition I just installed?
I installed kubuntu and I hate it ... How do I get it off my system?
 http://www.psychocats.net/ubuntu/puregnome
Guys can I change the size of my home folder and folders where I install programms after installing Ubuntu?
have you tried GParted to change the partition size?
I think you could do that
Anyone know of a good program for temperature monitoring?
xsensor
 http://ubuntuguide.org/wiki/Ubuntu:Feisty
Hey guys.
Do you guys know if there is a good calendar console app? I don't like GUIs.
'cal' in a terminal
md5 sum?
quick question; do the nvidia drivers work for PNY cards?
if they have nvidia chipsets
Ugh, I can't figure out why apache2 won't parse PHP.
I have the modules installed.
------------>#apache
Hi
We had a script on a server that caused the site get hacked how do I completely uninstall all phpmyadmin files in ubuntu and reinstall?
if you got haced you need to format everything and reinstall the OS
so, say original is A. link is ../../foo/bar. what do i type? (just MAKING sure)
ln -s /bin/bash /some/dir/foo     will make foo act like bash
foo is created, bash exists
how can I see with what command a running program was started?
usually running programs are started with their own name and some options, as can be seen in ps axuww for example
got it, thanks a lot!
unable to  acces the speedtouch using its build inn dhcp and cable directly connected to it, going onto the ip?'
does the speedtouch givve u a ip address?
I don't get what you mean
hi i recently  installed the ubuntu edgy beta 2 version. Does it make sense to install again the Release Candidate or is it the same when the updates are installed?
same. anyway, join #ubuntu+1 for Edgy support
thanks i didnt know there is an edgy channel
hm. I've lost a machine.. literally _lost_. it responds to ping, it works completely, I just can't figure out where in my apartment it is.
hm. I've lost a machine.. literally _lost_. it responds to ping, it works completely, I just can't figure out where in my apartment it is.
look in the bathroom
is it possible to cd into an archive?
you have to extract the archieve first
hmm.. would have been nice ..
is your wifi usb?
it should be wlan0
he wants to replace ath9k with madwifi.
which version of java should i use for  my brwoser and application..?? jdk7 or jre7 ?
As long as you dont want to develop Java applications, you'll be fine with the JRE.
: i dont want to develop application
Hi - has anyone else had any problems with the latest kernel upgrade?  it killed my wifi, and reinstalling madwifi didn't help (which is all I had to do to get wifi working after upgrading to Hardy).
what wireless?
I'm using madwifi, I have an atheros chipset on a laptop
 release of Firefox has been issued, how do i get the zip file on my desktop to extract and install the new FF ?
anyone know ?
 nm someone beat me to it
is there sombody who make from Ubuntu - Kubuntu ???
Kubuntu and ubuntu use one repositaries or no ???????
yes
in the following context...what does not free mean?
!virtualbox
ask in #vbox for help :)
hey is is possible to run windows in VM if its on a Physical partition. a real partition.
ok i'll check out kvm than
Yes.  But it's difficult.  You can't point the VM at a physical partition.  You have to create a file for the VM to use as a HDD.  You can migrate a physical partition into a file though.
the hostname is not being displayed in my terminal only i can see is dollor ($) at the prompt, any suggestions
check your permissions on ~/.bashrc
BackPacker i have .bashrc as 755 , eventhough it is not working
/usr/bin/gnome-terminal
what are you trying to do Syubi?
I can't connect to machine A directly from my machine C.
does anyone know how to extract a selfextracting exe file?
wine?
or unzip may do it
which program would you guys recommend for me to remotely access my ubuntu computer from my mac?
any sftp scp program
sshd is not enabled by default, so you will want to install that
laptop-mode has some power saving feature/settings.. such as when to spin down hard drives for example.. not sure what else is included
I'll install it then... Thanks
it's not really a big thing.. if stuff starts to behave badly you can just uninstall it..
any suggestion regarding simple and cool theme for my ubuntu desktop ?!
kde4-oxygen
mine is gnome, I think
hi
hey ... I m new ... Can u tech me something .
here is 'something'
i just deleted something in KDe
how do i get it back, no trashcan?
hopefully, if its not in trash then id just let it go
I'm having trouble installing a program from sourceforge.
Is there anyone in particular that can help me with installing a program from sourceforge?
if you're more specific maybe...
hello i need help with shell scripting
can i get help with shell scripting here or is there a better channel for that
FYI if you don't get an answer in this channel, i'd recommend asking in #bash
mm when someone types   !ops   is that across freenode or just this channel? I keep seeing my nick
lately #ubuntu has had spammers which do that trigger while listing -every- person in the channel
 ah  mm  ok thanks
...Is Ubuntu going to warn me every time I restart my computer that I'm using restricted drivers?
warn you where ?
I used nvidia-glx-config enable and it warned me that I was using proprietary drivers
hi, i have problems installing 5.10/6.06 from cd. it boots from cd, loads data from cd and suddenly reading from cdrom fails
i have problems installing 5.10/6.06 from cd. it boots from cd, loads data from cd and suddenly reading from cdrom fails
did you do a check sum?
I can't play any mp3's on a newly installed ubuntu ?
I can't play any mp3's on a newly installed ubuntu ?
https://wiki.ubuntu.com you have to install a few things
hi
my programs dont have tray icons anymore
maybe you removed the notification area or the windowlist from the panel?
hi, X is claiming that it can't go above 640x480 right now, which is sort of weird given that I was in 1280x1024 right up until I restarted X a few minutes ago, which I did since xrandr -q showed my max res as 640x480. any ideas?
Do the second thing ( -phigh)
alright, I'll try that. cheers
'Disk boot failure: insert system disk'..... what are my options for troubleshooting/fixing this?
fix your GRUB with Super GRUB CD?
 don't have a super grub, I am running knoppix on the machine now though
How does pressing shift key to get GRUB work?
I am pressing the shift key but I don't get GRUB.
are you pressing the left shift key, from memory thats the only one that does it
id go to offtopic if i  could
but i was banned by a trigger happy op
shh! hes listening
hello
can anyone see this
yes
If I keep having this load issue I can't use Ubuntu anymore...
why don't you ask the developer of that software?
I don't even have that binary on my system.
any easy way 2 install java?
there's a link to it in restricted
no no, get kubuntu-desktop
ubotu is a bot :) you might want to verify your configuration against those instructions in the wiki posted there
do you know what kind of tv-out card that it?
ati rage 2x I believe it to be
does a Windows PC with connection sharing enabled for a NAT?
ah...'form a NAT', I meant
If the only thing you did was 'share this connection' on your dialup, windows will set the LAN address to an rfc1918 one, and enable DHCP so any other machines on the network get given a sensible address and the windows box as gateway, and NAT for them. Yes.
guys, I set my PATH variable, but whenever I log off it forgets what I had set for it. Does anyone knows how can I keep it the way I edited?
Add the following line to ~/.bashrc: export PATH=your_dir1:your_dir2:$PATH
ty going to check it!
Please, does anyone know ANYTHING about rtsp:// feed? I really need to download a few movies, legally.
Haha, thank you, SonicChao. It was a rethoric thing, since I've laready asked twice. I know the factoid very well :-D
Ok. =D
incredible...its the first time i install ubuntu and root pass doesnt asked....now i dont know what pass has!
fuck
it was in the faq
can anyone help with a usb device mount issue??
USB sticks are mounted as scsi drives
I want to mount a usb device to the same mount point at boot . . . any ideas???
Is there a keystroke to log out if CRTL-ALT-DEL does not offer an option for log out?
Anyone here know anything about MATE?
 i know its not supported here
server 9.04 running samba, i'm unable to create a public share and all i get it 'Access Denied' on all windows machines trying to connect
desktop 9.04 doesn't automatically upgrade to 9.10 byitself i hope?
desktop 9.04 all downloads stop at 12% and never go any farther and i've no clue why
let me get you a link
http://wiki.ubuntu.com/HardwareSupportMachinesLaptops
Thanks a lot! I'll take a peek
I want to use the internet to establish my own phone calls and connect me with my friends abroad (in other foreign countries), I was planning to buy a sim card or maybe rent a phone line in the other foreign country where my friends reside and have it connected to the internet all the time. Then on my end I do the same. This way, whenever I call my local phone line number, the call gets forwarded over the internet to my number which I 
people generally use skype for that
only for skype out
 My desktop is too big for the display. No matter the resolution I select, part of the desktop is not on the screen. Using 8.10 with Nvidia 8400 pci-e card. I'm using version 177 of the Nvidia driver. Any ideas?
pm me
not sure how to do that...
Hey, I was wondering if there is somekind of profissional mixer where I can add echo and other effects to the sound
looks like you want to install ubuntu studio in your machine
red means the message is for you, that way the message stands out, get to the habit of using people's names in your messages, use !afewletters_then_tab
can someone tell
if it is possible to search in ubuntuforums by more than 1 user?
easier to look on google with nic and ubuntu forums
hello all, i have a question , how do i install java ?
 http://ubuntuguide.org/#jre
plug-in for mozilla or simple ? just jre ?
how can i detect the wireless connections on my range?
 i installed the network-manager-gnome, but cant see how to run it
install wifi-radar or kismet
dpkg-query has switches for that,
I've been looking at the man page, I can't figure it out
it's complex, yes, and haru you get what you can :)
veeerry nice!
FuNgEx:i keep it for games
that too :D
if i use command su on its own what does it do in terminal?
if i use command 'su' on its own what does it do in terminal?
it sets it up so you are running as root until the terminal is closed
anyone here have experiance with compiz? I am trying to make my gnome panel semi transparent, and I have done it before.. but since I reformatted it's not working on this box.
I'm talking about through compiz, by adding an opacity setting. Adjusting it through the panel settings looks like crap.
activate transparency in compiz, then point your mouse over the gnome-panel, press the alt key and scroll with your mouse
meaning you can attach a 'client', in this case a SD card
and as tyler_d just told you, this lynxeither needs a DHCP server or you have to set a static IP on both ends
seconded
!virus | TwoD
thats what clamav does,
Yeah I know
Hi all, how do i access a connection in the terminal which was connected from Places->Connect to server?
~/.gvfs
thanks!
i still keep geting  this error 00:49:45: Directory '/home/robert/.etwolf/pb/htm/' couldn't be created (error 13: Permission denied)
can some one help me with this error 00:49:45: Directory '/home/robert/.etwolf/pb/htm/' couldn't be created (error 13: Permission denied)
sudo chown robert /home/robert/.etwolf/pb/htm/
i found my driver for my build in modem but i get boot off why is this??
any ideas?
its because your modem is a softmodem and your pc is under load?
something is bringing my file browser into a halt or near halt when i go to a particular directory
funny names, drapes
HAHAHAH
I am having some issues using apt behind an ISP proxy. In short, when downloading updates (or new packages) using apt, the downloads sometimes go very slowly, and often timeout. Many of the downloads that do come down fail with a 'Hash sum mismatch' error. Does anyone have any ideas about how I might work around this?
I've had hash sum mismatches when trying to install from a bad wifi
I'm on ethernet. This problem occurs across many of our servers at work.
now I have few jon__
 ppas are not supported here, contact the maintainer
4 hours ago they didn't cause any problem, and now they do
'ls' is showing old files, how can I refresh the terminal ?
hmm Ok
are you running 'ls' on a remotely mounted disk?
how 2 install gyachi in ubuntu
I don't think it connects to yahoo even if you get it installed.  Think about using a more up-to-date IM program Empathy/Pidgin/etc.
i am install gyachi 4 yahoo video chat in 9.10 but in 10.04 i caught some problems
Hello. Somebody knows about making deb packages? I have a problem when trying.
Any packaging gurus?
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=51003
http://xkcd.com/792/
so you say use different pass?
Well, yeah, I mean, extra security never hurts, right?
hi I want to run sudo apt-get update but didnt import the needed keys, what option do I need to  add to thecommand to get it running anyway?
fyi, you should use aptitude insted of apt-get
why?
i like to ssh to my son computer to broadcast a message
i like that message to show on the desktop
net or lan?
how can i get seq -w 09 to start printing with 00
and onto 09
seq -w 0 09
can anyone recommend a good graphics editor similar to Photoshop. Gimp sucks
stick with Gimp, it's no worse than PS, just different. Or use PS via Wine. There's nothing else witht he same kinda power
Inkscape is closest
Can I transfer my hard disk and processor to a new motherboard and ubuntu will pick up the different hardware or must I do something to get it to recognise the new hardware?
should recogize the new hardware unless it's not supported
It will scan the hardware at boot time or I need to tell it to do something?
It does detect
you are trying to use a neighbors ap?
LOL no, I am at work
Hey all! im a windows user and i know a little windows programming, but im pretty new to linux...i messed around with FreeBSD a couple years ago, but gave up. is ubuntu a good place to start?
as good as any, pretty easy to use from teh start.
and guarantees to always be free software ;)
hi. i need to connect a samsung galaxy 9000i mobile device over usb or cable to a ubuntu 11.04 laptop. the only thing i found, there is no connection possible. does someone have experience whith that?
what happens if you simply plug it in?
nothing, the mobile device just tells me : to end samsung kies, press start button. but nothing is mounted...
guys, which im client for linux supports webcams ?
Skype
does skype allow you to connect to the msn network ?
how can i every start up mii-tool -F 10baseT-HD automatic
sys > prefs > sessions > startup progs
i must run root
for ubuntu is it better to have a seperit /boot partition ?
Not necessary at all. Only if you want to
mongy, ok thanks just woundered
how much disk space does a standard Warty install take?
I'm pretty sure that's in the release notes or something
I don't remember off the top of my head
erm... maybe it will sound newbish.. but why does apt-get update && apt-get dist-upgrade does not upgrade my dapper to edgy ?? :(
erm... maybe it will sound newbish.. but why does apt-get update && apt-get dist-upgrade does not upgrade my dapper to edgy ?? :( can someone answer quickly? maybe i need to change my sources.list ???
paste your sources.list in pastebin
buenos  dia amigos
quien tiene  un tutorial para instalar icecast
cual es el problemo con 'sudo apt-get install icecast'?
how do you download flash videos and convert them to other formats in ubuntu?
how do you download flash videos and convert them to other formats in ubuntu?
there should be firefox extensions to download.  converting can be done via VLC.
Stargazer gksudo gedit /boot/grub/menu.lst   remove splash from the command line
so all i do i delete 'splash' from that line ?
just to be sure we're on the same line: i want to disable the splash.
does creating a mount point on an existing ext2 partition erase the data on it?
so, if i want to install 8.04 over my existing 7.10 i should be ok?
just resize the partition in gparted
totem wont play dvds for me
 installed libdvdcss2?
no i havent done anything
how i install a .tar file?
mm i dont know how to do that
man tar
sorry
lol
most unix channels automatically ban you if you do
What is the command for document viewer?
evince
Thank you!
How do I setup x forwarding over ssh?
ssh -X user@host
thanks
Greetings, All.
What port does Ubuntu NFS run on?
various
didn't work
i saw no timer
it waited until i hit enter
my ubuntu boot-up screen doesn't display anything (only blinking '_' character at the top left corner of the screen). I did dist-uprgade to edgy eft, previously it showed a graphical mode screen with ubuntu image and a log of actions
so it isn't supposed to show the graphical boot-up screen?
it probably is, but you're in the wrong channel to ask
happy new year
is there any way to check if files contain corrupt bytes ?
 if you have a md5sum of the file from a known good setup. you can use md5sum
I'm looking at potentially using Ubuntu or Fedora on my new HDD. Those of you who chose Ubuntu over Fedora, why did you decide to side with Ubuntu?
 the cooler code names.
Also did the same problem with Karmic.
!hello
!list
they  killed !hello for some reason
is there a way to forward traffic to another machine based on port and the hostname used in the request?
probably
where would I start? can it be done with IPtables?
привет
всем
Please don't flood, use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste, don't use Enter as punctuation.
what's the best vnc client for Gnome?
you should find terminal server client under Internet
it's not there :S
effects just for windows like fire
no the cube
try to install fusion-icon and compizconfig-settings-manager
Anyone know why Ubuntu 8.10 would be lagging so hard and freezing so often?  :/
ah, can I get drivers for on-board ATI? I tried on the last ubuntu and it'd never work. :/
check in hardware drivers
HI I just installed the ubuntu 12.04 on my desktop. During installation I do not recall I was asked for root password. Now I need to do some admin stuff which requires root password, how could I recover the root password? do I need to reinstall everything all over again? Thx
use your user password when using sudo.
I did and did not work..
Thanx everyone.  :-)
Oh.  Is there a way to install ubuntu from another distro, while it's on the hd?
not to my knowledge
hey
que vergas es esto?
I'f you're speaking spanish join #ubuntu-es if you're speaking esperanto, sorry, no help here
what application is good to make images of CDs?
i used to use something like this dd if=/dev/cdromdevice of=/tmp/image
i'm reading there's a hacked up version of dd called ddrescue which can do some tricks which dd cant. Never used it, but maybe the thing for you
Yes I don't see t410 with ubuntu 12.04 but I see ubuntu says all hardware is certified properly. I also noticed wifi is not working.
check your wireless switch on the side of the laptop
press function f5
most of my friends are either on msn or yahoo and only one uses gtalk and in windows i can have voice video chat with them but in ubuntu i cant ....
have you thought about vmware, or something like it?
are you serious ,, vmware for IM ... why the hassel ?
Also if it didn't have legacy code dating back to before Netscape Navigator
you mean like IE ?
if you pay enough you can see inside the IE code too :-)
utini ndlovu?
utini?
I wish I knew enough zulu for a good reply!
how the heck do I tell Ubuntu to not load my saved sessions? Seriously Dapper Drake is a piece of shit. Warty was much much better.
please, no gutter language
sys -> prefs -> sessions       & please no venting in channel, we couldn't care less
banshee doesnt has a browser like rhythmbox?
did you install the NEW banshee? search for it - not in synaptic
Banshee 1.2.1 (1.2.1) is nice - I'm hoping it will work better for podcasting
I would think he just has to Not Run the programs and doesnt need actually to uninstall them.
he said everything is messed up now though
I went back and read the discussion, backwards lol, and Oh. I do not know enough to imagine 'to uninstall my video card I would have to uninstall (almost?) all my programs' that makes no sense to me so I'll bow out.  -- I just want to print a map of Africa 'landscape' instead of 'portrait' on the paper and that control is 'greyed out'. That's my current problem.
hi is there a way to upgrade not just the packages to hoary but the whole distribution, getting new packages and features as well?
the packages are the whole distribution
thats not necessarily true if warty has got paket a version b and hoary has paket a version c and additionally pakage d version a ;)
I am new here can anybody help me?
What is your problem?
Well, what do you need help with anyway?
i have a windows directory that i can play mp3's from in ubuntu but i can not write files to it... says i dont have permission...?  how can i write to this windows partition?
use chown to change ownership to windows
it should be the same, the operating system works the same, it just handles the isntructions differently
how does one use the hfsutils to mount a mac os x volume?
I think you just do
i don't know
I just got this thing when i booted that said something like 'press ctrl-d to continue'  how do i fix that so it just boots?
I think that you have the needed commands on the screen
it should tell you something about umm.. fsck too
let me see
do u know that linksys model so u can help him better step by step. i use netgear. dont remember how exactly it's on linksys
no, i dont. i'm searching the docs :-)
If you want your vhost to be completely separate, don't put it under /var/www.  If you want /var, perhaps /var/vhost?
I know that, that's why I'm asking what's the common thing to do
I don't know if it's that common, but I've seen a number of people put all sites under /var/www in separate directories and disable the normal server.
you *should* have one already - the <PrtScr> button
I have, but they are not working.
ah, sorry, I didn't follow
hola
hooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
#ubuntu-mx <== se habla espaol
for Linux is the Remote Desktop much like the Windows Netmeeting ? (in which you can control the mouse and keyboard input ?
yep
thank you
so what is the difference between installing i386 and amd64?
i'm sorry, i dont understand the issue here
are you telling me there is a i386 version installed and an amd64 and that is the conflict that is being produced?
Can someone help me..I get this error.. './zDSBot3-2120: error while loading shared libraries: libstdcc+.so.5: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
search packages.ubuntu.com to see which package has that file, and install it.
there's a search box - one for packages, and then one for files.  the files one is the one you want
i need help burning the ubuntu iso onto a cd
what are you running now - what kind of computer is it ?
go to https://help.ubuntu.com/community/BurningIsoHowto
do formatters like killdisk.com work, I want to clear my buggy WinXP from my laptop and put Ubuntu on it.
you can just use the live cd to format
when you do the install it will ask you if you want to partition or erase the qhole disk
could some one name me a distro that would resemble vista in terms of UI flash that has a liveCD?
you could try Sabayon has Beryl enabled by default
thanks
I can not run the Ubuntu 6.10 iso image. I get an' open files' [with]  window?
you need to burn it to a cd
that is where I am trying to run it from.
Quick Question, What app will help me convert an avi to dvd ?
devede
Thanks.
hi
i have problem with synaptec
what's the problem?
hi, my pendrive not mount automatic.
on breezy
/topic
any isdn gurus around?
Something pri card related?
Ah OK.. if it was something like getting zaptel drivers working perhaps I could be of some assistance.
 i don't use a laptop but i can tell you that alt plus a numbered F key will take you between shells and when in GUI alt+ctrl plus F keys will do the same. usually the GUI is on F7
Ctrl+C should be Copy, are you thinking of Control+Break?
uhh.. alt + ctrl + f4 for toggle display?
anyone have a moment to msg outside this chatroom to help me load a 2nd hard drive?
 load a second harddrive?
 by load do you mount?
depends on the fonts you want,
apt-cache search fonts
don't know read the discription of it,
please help me enable desktop effects in ubuntu using Intel Corporation 82946GZ/GL
with that card, it iwll be hard afaik
it worked on hardy and jaunty but karmic not working even lucid not working
Crikey, I would never bother trying to run commercial games on Linux. I did flirt with cedega for a bit, then gave up and moved to the PS3 and Xbo
i run lots of games through linux - wine is a gamers good buddy :D
do you find the performance to be a problem?
does openssh-server by default allow for remote connections from outside the network, assuming the ports are forwarded?
does openssh-server by default allow for remote connections from outside the network, assuming the ports are forwarded?
Yes it does
I have a .sh file that I want to run, help?
I have a .sh file that I want to run, help?
open it with a text editor and look at the top line. itll say like #!/bin/sh or #!/usr/bin/bash or whatever so bash file.sh or just make it executable and then ./file.sh
I get this error when trying to remove a package I installed using apt-get:  Unable to lock the administration directory (/var/lib/dpkg/), is another process using it?
Does anyone know what could be using that?
you need to use root :)
how do i know if i have ubuntu lucid lynx, karmic koala, or hard heron
lsb_release -a
it just says ubuntu 10.10 codename:maverick
eh, fat can't be even used for home, or shouldn't
i didn't actually think it would let you
I don't think it can because you can't set file permissions on it.
depending on what you mean by 'messed up', I have problems with the same card with the proprietary driver using Lucid
skipping, stuttering audio
low volume, garbled, skipping, yes
I am having a problem with creating a file and saving it with vim. I think its a permissions issue but here it goes... I am trying to create a file in my www dir folder called index.php and it wont let me i keep getting a file could not be written
do you have the permissions to write to the folder? make sure it didn't change
whoops, I misread what you said lol.
whats the default warty root pswd?
how i enable it?
try doing `sudo passwd root` to reset the password and see if that works
Hi , I have a 500 GB HDD with 100GB Free , can i install ubuntu on this disk without creating a separate partitioning ?
what OS are you on currently?
np
Is there a Linux equivalent of 'ipconfig /release' and 'ipconfig /renew'?
ifdown eth0, ifup eth0 (or wlan0 or something else)
doesn't that sound a bit like gateway is not set? ie. that all the traffic would go through the router. anyway i'm not an expert in these things
hi all, is there any web based cloud storage like software?? which can allocate a fixed space to users and can upload and browse files and folders. Set quota etc? something like dropbox, 4shared etc or even like ubuntu one
I have read about such applications for self hosting, have a google
are you mentioning about syncany? or can you give any clue?
ist ubuntu Protected from hack,or do i need anti virus?
anti virus is not neccessary unless you want to protect your windows friends :)
never say never.. but *very* unlikely
Anyone else with a Savage display driver?
Anyone else with a Savage display driver?
try www.ubuntuforums.org
hey, is there no rsyncd package in ubuntu?
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/rsync
thanks
I also am having trouble with the new 10.04 flash in Lubuntu, chrome nor firefox will play flash even after I install gnash
yes
gnash blows. adobe.com and download the deb for 8.04+
zsh > *
point being there is about a zillion ways to rename files
dang right
does edubuntu support wireless cards?
does edubuntu support wireless cards?
edubuntu has the same drivers, etc. as Ubuntu
howzit guys, I've installed gnome-xchat on ubuntu 9.10 but can't seem to find where to enable the userlist
can anyone help maybe?
click your name to the left of where you type
k de ente
en spanish
escribe ' /join #ubuntu-es ' y dale a enter
nvidia does not work anymore in breezy :(((
why?
a dependency conflict
can i convert my linux mint 12 to ubuntu 11.10??
reinstall
no have to reinstall
I installed hardy heron in a chroot.  is there any way I can boot it?
better to discuss that in #ubuntu+1
I installed feisty fawn in a chroot.  is there any way I can boot it?
is there something that I can do to make ubuntu usable in 800x600 or 640x480?
like, would there be a way to make it think it's larger but then scale everything down? right now, a lot of windows are too big and won't let me see the 'ok/cancel' buttons at the bottom
if you hold ALT you click anywhere in a window to drag it
guys, what do yall use for playing videos xine or totem?
mplayer
www.mplayerhq.hu
I just upgraded my kernel to  2.6.17-11-generic and my wireless card stopped working.  It was previously listed as eth1.  Now I see wlan0 listed but I cannot bring up wlan0 because it says no such device.  The device manager shows it as a wlan interface and I cannot see any reason why I shouldn't be able to bring it up.  Any ideas?
Intersil Corporation Prism 2.5 Wavelan chipset (rev 01)
sudo apt-get install linux-restricted-modules-`uname -r`
is there a gnome program that will change the desktop background every hour to the next picture in a directory?
it used to be an option in gnome, but it got removed because the gnome devs tought it would confuse the users >_>
no one else has written a plugin for it?
When I use synaptic the password window that pops up leaves a transparant rectangle on my desktop that wont go away.  When I disable then reenable any setting in Compiz it vanishes.  I've tried reinstalling Compiz but that doesn't help.  Any Ideas how to fix it?
 have had similar visual artifacts with nvidia.com drivers (not with packaged versions) last version (169.12) seems to have resolved them
then the bug is on compiz ;)
Hello gang!  My question is probably a no-brainer for somebody here.  I'm going to use my machine via XDMCP often enough that I don't want X11 to start automatically, I just wanna go to CLI and type 'startx' if I'm gonna use it.  I'm running 10.04 but scored a big Google-FAIL when I tried to find the answer myself.
Sweet!  A bot answered my question?  That's awesome!
because bazhang told him to
Hi gys, could anyone help me with my aptitude/apt-get please?
I tried to install php5-symfony1.0, but it only 'partially install' and now I can't install anything because it's telling me that it's trying to solve the problem but don't succeed
sudo dpkg --configure -a ; sudo apt-get install -f
Hi, where might I find Alpha 5 link?
Release date says today
if it's out, the channel topic of #ubuntu+1 will link to it.
hi all - how do I uninstall ubuntu/grub on a dual boot with xp?
you mean you want to get rid of grub?
not sure in xp, but it used to be  'fdisk /mbr' from windows
anyone have some freetime to help me setup a blog on my webserver?
I'd love too. But High School is SO LIFE SUCKING!
I don't understand
hi, Is there any way to record the sound from fx an flash animation?
from the net
- ya, but you can't ask here
anyone know why my wifi-n adapter and router are only acheiving wireless-G standard in linux (11.10?)
Do you know what chipset it uses?
That doesn't tell us the chipset. Though Internal wireless cards are usually much better supported than USB adaptors.
does anyone know of something visio-like ? not dia, that's butt ugly
kivio?
I'll give it a whirl, ta
i speak spanish, i'll try to translate
which is most like latin, italian or spanish?
??
it there any way one can have multiple wallpapers without the buggy 'wallpaper' option in compiz and without the rotating cube being enabled?
 you could use a window manager that supportes it - metacity dosent. but others do.
for example?
is this the place to ask stupid questions?
cool, when I run terminal, and for example run xchat from there, how can I go back to using terminal for other stuff again?
start with & after it
if he added you to his /ignore list then he literally cannot see your messages
okay thank you but the others can read it ;-)
just letting you know since you were addressing him
Hello I am looking for support on the MegaRaid SAS 9265-8i driver on Ubuntu 12.04
can anyone help  me out
possibly give us your situation. :)
Temps cannot be colder than absolute 0. (-459.67F)
i have never ever seen anyone give a Kelvin temp with Farenheit (instead of Celcius) beside
congrats on being the first i guess
anyone else getting private message spam
!ops LangChow spamming about guys wearing bras
enter #ubuntu-ops  and report the incident
Anyone know how to set the channel/room topic with Empathy?
I'd try /topic
that doesn't seem to work in Empathy, neither for IRC nor jabber
i get i/o error when trying to edit resolv.conf why?
nano
you can't edit it as a normal user, try sudo nano /etc/resolv.conf
i any one know how to recover my fat32 usb stick then please tell me?
Testdisk is a good tool for recovery http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/TestDisk
Your best insurance though which you may be beginning to realize, and would not have you here trying to get help are backups.
I like the look of gnome from that image you posted of the VLC preferences page. How can I replicate it here? What theme you using?
thats not gnome, its kde
ha! ahhh, sorry
hi, can anybody help me?
what program do i need to launch .exe progs??
wine, may work for some
does anybody see me?
moose are stelthy arent they?
what program you using?
if I have just plugged a usb controller in how do I find out where it has been assigned in /dev/ ?
the manual says its usually tty0 but how do I make sure?
dmesg should know.
does anyone here use SQLite? If so, how does one create a user and return columns or rows of data?
i've used it whith python.  I didn't need to create users
is it a self contained Database similar to the MSDE?
irishman
Is there a better place to ask my questions about webcams/uvc? no one has answered my questions.
You'll probably get better response from the forums
I just installed Gutsy and openoffice (any app of the suite) does not have icons on the menubar, is this a common problem or should I go find openoffice people to help?
http://www.oooforum.org/forum/viewtopic.phtml?t=55712&highlight=toolbar+icons
Or if this doesnt work,, look here http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=419679
Here is the Manual on that, GNU/GPL style:>http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/tar.html
thanks
You are welcome, I hope that helps.
Can I get a bit of help installing ubuntu server on a super old computer (64 mb ram, 200mhz p1)?
that isnt old...8086 procs are old
make a boot floppy
Hi , I want to work on the dolphin file manager
can someone help me how to start with
#kde
Anyone know why flash video would have framerate issues when embedded in a page, but *not* in fullscreen? Google only tells me about the opposite situation.
i am going to go out on a limb - there might be flash active elsewhere (on the page) that is not present in full screen mode.
I don't think that's the issue; it happens on every site, and I run adblock anyway.
is just fine for a server...
/nick <nickname>
installer for windows....
Iv checked 'cat /proc/meminfo' great, telle me what I wabted, but how can I see what my processor is ?
sorry for my typing errors
thanks
need help with fglrx amd ati drivers
why with fglrx unity works great and gnome-shell works but top bar are green/blue ?
is that radeon?
In Windows I have a program called AnyDVD that strips to copy protection and region encoding from DVDs so I can make copies that play here. Is there anything like that for Ubuntu?
have a look at libdvdcss2, it a package in the medibuntu.org repository
using this, you can play your protected dvds in ubuntu. but be careful: in some countries that's not legal!
does someone know which version of Qt will be final in lucid? 4.6.2 or 4.6.3?
check in #ubuntu+1
alright
'Unhandled error from system_setup_console: Permission denied' -- what have I done?
you need to use 'sudo'
that errors in the core dump of my server not booting
I am going to do a reinstall and want to keep all of the data my wife and I have saved - can I just burn a copy of the home directory?
I am going to do a reinstall and want to keep all of the data my wife and I have saved - can I just burn a copy of the home directory?
why not?
why don`t buy a Dell pc ? they have ubuntu as default
in my experience, dell seems much more overprices than hp
I don`t think so.. they have cheap computers
hi
is it possible to get the quicktime plugin for firefox in ubuntu ?
you need w32codecs ... https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Medibuntu
hi all
hey, apt-get install is oblying me to take the program from the cd. how can I force it to take from the internet?
comment the cd repositories in the sources.list
Somehow a perl script got into my home folder, executed itself, and posted my personal email archive to usenet! How could that happen? I've only used apt to install software from official repos! Have i been hacked?
can you pastebin the script?
can you share that script via pastebin?
How do you use UPnP to open a port on ubuntu (no i dont want a static rule) ?
just a guess after searching 'apt-cache search upnp'
its a start thanks
hi do someone know how to remove files from a read only filesistem??
that kinda defeats the purpose of a ro fs
then you have a bigger problem
whats the equivilent of 'wget' for ubuntu?
best question of the day
i don't know about vps, but sudo apt-get install wget if it's not there
hello?
im having trouble with the wubi installer
describe it
Has anyone else noticed after todays flash player update that flash vids get thousands of tiny white boxes around things?
me too
mine started crashing and give white boxes :(
God.. driver update for XP is 120mb download?  for myATI card, and the Linux drivers are half that.
let's see if this can multiserver
a 120 MB download for a Windows update is fair... the downloads for a fresh installation of SP0 is about 500 MB or so.
i just formatted an external hdd to ext3, but the 'permissions cannot be determined'. how can i change the permissions to write to the disk?
sudo chmod?
chmod and chown
is it possible t access the audio output of the computer, analyze it, maybe a fourier transform or something
output? i.e. what is produced by programs?
yes.. as in, what is coming out of the speakers as tany given time
am i here ?
seems i'm ^.^''
yes you are.
WalloO-> there is the hdparm command but you may find some of the options awfully dangerous
if I can avoid sudo, I'm happy
so I will try to find the safest way for my users
hi all, I have a HP Pavilion zv5000 laptop (64-bit) and I am unable to see my wireless card in my network settings
can someone help me?
which card is it?
Does anyone know a good code editor for Ubuntu? (I'm planning to use it for Ruby)
!ask | simplyubuntu
was just about to... :P
usually, can mac user read ogv file ?
not unless they have some extra codecs installed
thanks
ronaldo
migrei do windows pra o linux (biglinux) muito bom!!
  da wha!?
The thing clients are working but very unstable. So our friends of the forums asked me for the hardware, mother board, video card, sound card, etc. It means that I have to open every pc to check. That's why I'm looking for more simple solution.
lspci -vvv > /media/floppy/lspci.txt
run xfix from the recovery menu and see if that helps
rm: cannot remove `tmp-angstrom_2008_1/deploy/glibc/sources/GPL/quilt-native/install.patch': Too many levels of symbolic links
howto delete that
why not cd to the location, rename the file the link refers to, then try to delete the link from that directory...?
is there any software for Ubuntu 10.10. that will help me connect to work mail on Exchange 2010 ?
evolution?
evolution doesn't support owa on exchange 2010
How can I mount my external drive so that it doesn't enforce permissions?
or so that regular users can access all files regardless of the octal permissions
fstab?
syncevolution sounds interesting - So far my bluetooth phone has been the sychronizer
search the forum for a howto: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?p=3526473 , but i can't get it running on gutsy. Was working fine on feisty though
 heh, sorry I can't help you, instead you might have enlightened me :-)
How do I format a flash drive?
What's the dang format command in ubuntu.
mkfs*
does anyone know how to completly remove a package using apt-get?
including configurationfiles etc
 sodo apt-get --purge remove package
Hi, can anyone recommened a newsgroup reader?
nn, slrn
key without passphrases, which is a security-issue, be aware of this
Hi. I'm having a problem upgrading. I've run 'sudo apt-get update', 'sudo apt-get upgrade', and I get a 404 error for some packages, saying that they cannot be found. The packages that can't be found are on the UK Canonical server. I've also tried 'sudo apt-get -f install', and this does nothing either. Is there anything you can recommend?
ok - i'll try the main one
paste the contents of the file /etc/apt/sources.list to http://paste.ubuntu.com/ and give us the link
#ubunty-fr
#ubuntu-fr
/j #ubuntu-fr
updatedb && locate libGL.so.1
direct rendering: Yes - only this matters ;)
don't worry, me neither
hello there
how could i setup ubuntu to login into guest account at boot?
Enable the guest account, configure it via the Administration section for autologin?
ur proprietary driver isnt installed?
lsmod |grep fglrx
ctrl-alt-f2
Hi.  Im new to linux.  Can some one pm me and help me install graphics drivers.
what video card..
Start there
doesnt detect my other hdd.. you think the hdd is fried? i havent used it in awhile
doesnt detect my other hdd.. you think the hdd is fried? i havent used it in awhile
live cd wont boot :( I get a kerenel panic
does anyone here know how where i can go to get (some pretty advanced) excell help
what i want is every Axx5 and Axx0 row to be merged to Bxx4 and Bxx-1, respectivaly
##windows >
irc.anonops.net ---- #operationpayback ----- Lets Kill Copyright for once and for all !
irc.anonops.net ---- #operationpayback ----- Lets Kill Copyright for once and for all !
go advertise somewhere else.
ok, that covers divx, is there some substitute for silverlight?
Moonshine, or Moonlight,,, seen it before
try GIMP
does anyone know how to make the transparent background for the console window work so you can see program windows and browser windows underneith instead of just seeing the desktop?
its not possible in gnome.. not just yet :-)
ok
Hey guys. I have a question. I intend to replace my hdd and I want to know if this will somehow screw the bios.
I have done that countless times and with no problems.
really? oh, that's nice!
do you have more than 4G of ram?
it's dual-core
thats nice. Do you have more than 4G of ram?
hello, is there a way to install ubuntu on a partition and to load it some way without changing the mbr?
no floppy. Can i use the ubuntu cd or a grub boot cd or something?
 theres always a way.. but it may take some learning of how grub works.
a christian desktop?
i kid you not
icthux-desktop :)
Should I be worried about a 'reinst-required' message from dpkg?   Should I remove and re-install?  http://pastebin.com/TvZgjjJr
I don't think you have any issue with that package, it is listed as ii, the messages at the top just describe what the letters in front of the packages mean (desired = install status = installed)
tx
does anyone know how to load the gtk theme (instead of the grey-sucky default) without running gnome-theme-manager? ...sorry for repeat
think you can run gnome-settings-daemon
great!
hello anyone using ubuntu with a dhcp?
yes, works great
i think there is a bug when the dhcp server doesn't answer a domainname
i sanyone here running ubuntu on a laptop
could you explain the knid of things you had to do to get it running?
lots of people are, maybe not here now though
yo guys, anyone have messed with Optimus technology in ubuntu ?
nvidia refuse to support Linux in optimus
there is bumblebee to try and support it.I think you will be disappointed though
newb to ubuntu/gnome are there services to admin servers e.g ssh apache etc?
how do I kick of SSH?
You could open the package manager (synaptic) and install ssh-server and apache
is there any advantage to using 7.04?
i.e. is there something you know that the rest of us don't
I would assume the possibility of a much older machine that has problems with 8.
anyone know how to uninstall grub?
what do u want to do after uninstalling grub?
be prepared for a total loss of your data. the MBR is from 0-512 bytes. so if you want to destroy grub, do this dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/hda(anything)  bs=510 count=1
cause i have only 1 laptop
im a f*cking broke student :)
im just messing around i alwayys do 4 partitions too, if i had 3 harddrives it would still only be seen as 1 ;)
feisty recognizes my canon 830, but has no driver. Where to get?
where do I get an unlisted printer driver?
Google?
i use ubuntu on my celeron 800 laptop, i couldn't afford a 4 hours glibc compile
but i still use gentoo on the athlon xp :P
it's fast?
I'd happily switch back, but trying to uninstall unity I got 'also need to uninstall ubuntu-desktop' which worried me
Yes old Gnome is fallback.. If your gfxcard is unable to work with new 3d env....
my gfxcard isn't at fault? And if I choose 'ubuntu classic' I just get my desktop background and a cursor, and no panels/menus etc
should be on the universer respotory
thanks
then fed to the bugblatter beast of traal
thats the only probs i have with this laptop, pcmcia doesent work and sound doesent work (i thot ac97sound would work out of the box but alas no)
do does anyone know how im goign to get ac97 sound working without aslaconf?
you dint get anysound at all? even when you login
i love 'tilda' terminal emulator
anyone else love tilda as much as me?
depends if she turns into a cag of beer and my best friends after the deed
when Im in Rhythembox its not letting me delete any songs I have a few duplicates and I want to delete them 'manualy' but it just puts an 'X' next the the song and can't delete it is this because I have the songs on a mounted drive?
how do i do that?
load up terminal then type rhythumbox, it will open rhythumbox and leave terminal in the back ground. shoudl there be problems itll give you error mshs
can anybody please help me share a reiserfs external harddrive over a wireless network (both computers are linux, no windows involved)
try looking up nfs howto o http://tldp.org
laser88 thank you!
any suggestions for a command-line mp3-player (such as splay or moc)?
well i use mplayer
do you know if there are any alternatives? im using the server-installation of ubuntu and mplayer requires quite a few dependencies..
Someone think of a title for a satirical album
Indeed. But it's a VERY important topic
'fsck you'? Nah, too obvious.
anyone here author video dvds? and if so what proggie do ya use?
porn dvds?
heh only if you think Brock Samson is pron quality
Just update Pigdin using synaptic
pidgin 2.5.5 is the latest version in jaunty
in karmic
I used glxgears to test if my ati drivers were working okay, but I have noticed that if the size of the window the gears are displayed in changes, the fps rate changes, is there a standard window size to use this to compare performance with?
glxgears is not a good benchmark tool
thanks for that, will keep that in mind.
Hey all. If I want a nice stable and secure server, is it best to go for Ubuntu server 6.06 or 6.10?
6.06
That's what i figured. Cheers
ok, here is the dialog box where the apply button is greyed out  http://img96.imageshack.us/img96/5030/screenshot001lo.png
does anyone know why this is happening please?
The other tabs are misconfigured perhaps?  Try changing hte connection name
Both of my parents are on extremely old computers. Dad has a 900Mhz single cpu mini desktop with 256MB of RAM.  I got him to switch to Ubuntu for several reasons
Where is the topic listed Pici?
This is a support channel, if you're discussing Ubuntu stuff that isn't support, #ubuntu-offtopic is the place to be
how much is 128meg in kilobytes?
hehe thanks
exec 128 * 1024
aaarrrghhh
afk-getting something to eat..trying to instal tremulous 1.2-gpp
sudo aptitude install tremulous
i was wondering if someone could help me with configuring GRUB, to boot into BeOS.
Please ask in  #grub, that isnt really an Ubuntu issue.
You can't install Slackware on Ubuntu, you'd need to repartition the drive.
I need a bit of help, am stumped, I need to make a bunch of files to ISO, is there a program for that?
dd
ancora yes do a man dd
Hi, it's me, Linus Torvalds.
I just came here to say... I'm sorry. I was wrong.
no problem, dude, we forgive you
What is the command cold if from output i what only one value? Grep show all line, how to replace some text from line too?
Hello, neriukas :D
you need to rephrase your question.  I can't understand it
are there any good linux mp3 players with Itunes-like library management stuff?
hey guys is there a better AIM client out there than GAIM?  i dont need all the other protocols
GAIM is probably your best bet
when i did the command, it said that it didn't know what the useflags were
ok, whats right?:(
so
my only prob at this point is my retarded suspend mode locking up the keyboard and mouse, dont know why it is so frustrating but just want to know if there is any way to correct it.  I use this laptop in truck with a usb gps and road nav cause I am a dish network tech and travel to many homes in a day and every time it locks up
most every time
does magic sysrq still work while it's locked?
can i automount my NTFS partitions with PySDM??
please can somebody tell me can i automount my NTFS partitions with PySDM??
whynot just use nautilus/places?
Hi, I just rm'd a file that i really want to get back, any suggestions/ideas
it was just now, i think it should still be on the harddisk
It's dead, JIm
hello
ola
Hi, how can we help you?
what codecs should i get for playing mpg right, mplayer opens the file and then closes immediately after showing a picture
hmmm, well what codec is needed for playing MPEG sequence, v1, system multiplex
for gstreamer theres gstreamer0.10-ffmpeg
in 12.04, is there a PPA or repo that allows me to install a 2.6 kernel??
2.6.32-39-generic-pae
a system update will install the latest kernel
bah - I tried the upgrade to 7.04 from 6.10, walked away, came back and I was logged out ... now it thinks it's updating to 6.10
I guess I'll have to try again after it's decided it's done the update to 6.10
!wireless
is there a similar program in ubuntu that has the same functionality of winamp?  (playing m3u's. playlists, etc,,, totem isn't doing it for me
totem should, but try xmms
sohum: exaile is nice, but very unstable... I use Amarok on Gnome, but I'd use Exaile if it actually worked for me :)
what shall i install to have sound in avi files
you're probably missing a codec, you should find out which one and install that
how can i do it ?
Can someone quickly help me with 'screen'? How to create a session? How to disconnect from it? And how to connect back to it?
man screen
It's overwhelmed by information.
ดีครับ
ดีครับ
English please
Theres a file Libwnck18 that keeps erroring when trying to upgrade.. any help? I've been trying to install beryl and it keeps erroring too.. I've already reinstalled ubuntu once.. Help please :)
Can people see me? lol
no
HELP! Why can't linux connect to mcdonalds wifi
?
because it can't stand fast food?
where can I find a list of sourceforge mirrors? (yes, tried google already)
did you try google (just joking)
seriously, mebbe I'm going blind
No one is talking down to you, jeffmr.
That guy gives Jeffs a bad name.
unlucky
why i cant play flash movies on firefox whenever amarok is playing?
i having trouble playing amarok after i played something from youtube
install libflashsupport
Hello people of the universe.
How do I back up my Windows harddrive using Ubuntu?
please choose a more g-rated nick for this channel...
I've just put in a new gfx card in my dapper, and now X won't load.
#ubuntu+1 for dapper, something to try would be 'dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg'
Thanks
Hello, I installed Edgy a year ago.  Would like to upgrade to Gutsy.  Found out on the web, that they way to do this is to gksu \ldblquote update-manager -c \rdblquote  and choose upgrade.  I have to first go to Feisty, then to Gutsy.  I am in the process of upgrading to Feisty, and it is downloading all the packages is needs.  This process is taking a very long time.  Since I have a Gutsy LiveCD, when I go from Feisty to Gutsy, is there an
ckages instead of downloading them itself?  Thx.
not with the live cd
heres a howto in german, maybe you can translate it with google :) http://ubuntu-blog.at/2008/12/12/canon-mx310-als-scanner-in-xsane-einrichten/
create it.
I will try that
I just installed Dapper - and it's fantastic. I've never used an OS that felt so well integrated and.... easy. And shiny! Many thanks to all involved in its production!
please talk about dapper in #ubuntu+1
Tah
mount then the drive /dev/hdb1 example
how do i get rid of a pxe error on boot?
Go to your BIOS setup and disable PXE
can anybody tell me the 7.04 iso cheksum?
wasn't able to find it
http://releases.ubuntu.com/7.04/MD5SUMS
anyone here had problems playing startrek armada 2 using wine?
try #wine
i belive id is a problem with ubuntu
i'm using jaunty too and its pretty stable
buy a mac
And then install windows too ? :p
 ThePyromaniac....thanks
deFrysk.would a bad cd cause it to freeze at partitioning?
a bad cd can freeze at any point I think
is there a fortran and rpg 2-4 compiler for ubuntu?
try using synaptic, nd searching for fortran
go into synaptic and search for fortran and RPG you will return packages that you can install
how to find out running processes? and how to shut them down?
use htop
: yes type sudo apt-get install htop.then just htop
Can someone help me find a way to make sites think Mozilla is Internet Explorer?
change the user-agent string. http://www.granneman.com/webdev/browsers/mozillafirefoxnetscape/changemozillasuseragent/
thank you
anyone know where ubuntu-vm-builder saves its thing? (kvm)
try .kvm
seems not.
whois _bugz_
!countdown
interested?
whats up everybody
suppah
y'know what they say about assumptions :p
Hi.. a java app is asking me for the location of the browser to use to open URLs.. what do I tell it? I want to use firefox to open the URL.
/usr/bin/firefox is the location of the executable
thanks, that was it.
hello i have problem installing winxp on virtualbox
I just had vbox open.. what's the problem?
AciD`` Just find a mirror that's fast for you. In the Software Sources control panel, if you pick 'other', there is a button to auto-pick the fastest for you
I'm trying to compile a non-ubuntu package which requires X11/Xlib.h and X11/Xutil.h.  Anyone know what package contains these files?
libx11-dev  use packages.ubuntu.com to search next time
thanks, didn't know about that site
Backslash (\) will not work in Terminal. It is instead replaced with some type of 'Y'. Assist?
fresh install or just started to happen randomly?
Just happen randomly.
what's the best way to enable TwinView for 2 flat panel displays connected via DVI to a nVidia 7900GS after a new install of Feisty?  this was tough in Edgy but now i can't even get my 2nd LCD to receive a signal, and nvidia-settings only detects 1 display
try xinerama
i looked into that, but i'd like to use Beryl
how do i get my password i forget it and need to indentify my nickname
anyone please?
did you try the freenode website?
i was upgrading to 10.04 through 'update-manager -d' bt the update didnt complete... so now when i again do 'update-manager -d' 10.04 option doesnt com so what to do???? please help
i was upgrading to 10.04 through 'update-manager -d' bt the update didnt complete... so now when i again do 'update-manager -d' 10.04 option doesnt com so what to do???? please help
I upgrade to 10.04 too, I just did a fresh install and it works fine for me
is there a way to kill a process that doesnt get killed with kill -9 (or-15) pid .. ?
zombie?
you need pcmcia first
im having a really bad night myself
where art thou?
better get some room freshners!
is there a way in vim to set tabs to be 4 spaces?
and spaces not tab char
google for: vim tabstop
can't ubuntu see how many users there are roughly by the stats from apt-get?
fredforfaen,no
ok , and your sure about this :)
hi...how do i install nvidia drivers in ubuntu 7.10???
In the menu
Just do it with the Restricted Drivers Manager. If you do it manually, you have to shut down X first and then compile/make it.
I've got a little problem with GAIM for some reason it isn't showing it's logo in the top right... So now when I close my buddy list it disconnects me... How do I fix it?
 Did you add the notification area applet to your gnome-panel?
 There are other ways to get support if the chat is busy.  The first thing you should do anyway is check the wiki and the forums.
your entrance said this vincent__ [~vincent@abo-175-198-68.ang.modulone
and had a .fr at the end, got cut off there.
ahhhh, it even says the town : 'ang' = Angers ! I can't hide anymore ! ;-P
how can i change server in xchat ( i want to go on quakenet) ??
/server irc.qua......
wireshark?
hi, got a question, is there an ubuntu app that works like Alcohol 120% in making iso dvd images?
have you tried K3b?
I have k3b but I don't see where i can make an iso
hello guys anyone there ?
I've been having some problem with HD Video playback
only 1400 of us
ssh -D 7070 youruser@host
after that just set the gnome-proxy-settings to socks: localhost port 7070
thanks :))
anyone else having that problem? gparted freezing when scanning devices after an operation, that is
that's the journal, superblock and inode space
ok. thank you very much for your help
is there a .config from my out-of-the-box edgy kernel? which I can use to compile a new one?
try /boot/config-2.6.17-10-generic
erUSUL thanks!
anyone knows some linux audio recording software (Cubase/Nuendo alternative), that supports VST plugins and MIDI editing? Audacity apparently doesn't support MIDI
http://quicktoots.linuxaudio.org/toots/vst-plugins/ might give you some hints
as i read in a (german) wiki page rosegarden supports vst plugins via a wrapüper called dssi-vst
is it possible to change the language in a installed ubuntu (gnome)?
on the GDM screen you can select the language for the session, and I think it can remember it
thank you
can someone talk to me alone for a moment?
PM me please i need help
what is your gaim version?
is this true:  'In the default desktop ubuntu install no port is firewalled and you can  use any P2P program without changing anything in ubuntu. Just change  your router settings.' ?   http://ubuntuforums.org/archive/index.php/t-911377.html
 tjheres no default firewall/blocking rules yes
 i just let teh p2p app  setup the router as needed
do i know you from another network via a different nick?
what other nicks might you use?
then i dont know ya
Hello
How do I make beryl look like on YouTube??
try installing it first
hi... i'm building a very very lightweight desktop environment, so am using openbox as a window manager; I'd like something that allows me to launch programs by name without needing menus or icons - any suggestions?
you do that from a regular shell anyway
yes - but if i launch emacs-snapshot-gtk from a shell, i see a bunch of stderr in the terminal - i dont want that
I would have to say Hard Drives may be the Most Unreliable part of a PC these days. :()
Too true.
Niiice.
Hi. Can anybody explain what's 'grep -v grep' ?
greps for words other than 'grep'
thank you!
hi
(:
configures etho cards as dhcp by default from a client side as opposed to static I've noticed
date command does not accept dates before 1902 and after 2037, the fuck?
no cursing here
so in your opiniong L in LXDE stands for LXDE? Did I get you right? :D
do I really need pluseaudio ? what is the least 'painful' audio-mgmt-library ?
I dont remember if I installed pulseaudio as a dependency for something, but this audio-video lag in mp4 videos is driving me nuts X-(
Pulse is, or should be, installed by default
how do i get captions working on DVDs
ryanakca, 'echo 'text string' | md5sum' should do it
I'm sorry I'm not too sure
Question: How do I install the msttf fonts in Gutsy? Can't seem to find the package in the repos.
sudo apt-get install ubuntu-restricted extras
I see...a new metapackage. That's smart. Thanks!
Would there be a way to save a Live CD session on Ubuntu?
Hmm.
what do you mean by save?
well w32codecs is not on the repositories
so where do I get them?
look again (and this time make sure you have Multiverse and Universe)
I have a webserver running and my isp blocks port 80, so I have apache listen on 81.  Is there anyway I can make it so people don't have to type :81 at the end of the address?
s/DLS/DSL/g
I think you could get dyndns to do the same.
hello everyone?
how is everyone doing?
this is a support channel. For chatting, use #ubuntu-offtopic
any one...can we create mount point while using mount command???
mkdir [mountpoint]
with out using mkdir, In mount command any flag is there which creates mount point specified if it is not existing.
I love betsplits
!netsplit
kkkkkkkkkkk
wats gdm and kdm ?
Gnome Desktop Manager and KDE Desktop Manager, respectively
The two most common gui's for linux
how do i mount /dev/hda onto /mnt/linux?
seveas: it says i must specify the filesystem type
you may want hda1 or hda5 or something rather than hda
Just accidentally learned the man command, now how do I close an opened manual?
:q
you can move an entire directory without any other syntax.. mv /directory /new/location
hi, is there someone could help me with apt-add-repository ?
ok
ask, don't ask to ask :
LETS TALK ABOUT UBUNTU
anyone here have ubuntu?
umm this is the ubuntu-support channel if you don't have a question or want to help take it to -offtopic
anyone experienced with vmware? I managed to install both player and server on edgy, and that messed things up bad. the uninstall script for server does not work anymore, so I have to find a way to uninstall manually. anyone?
I had experience with vmware and automatix2. It worked flawlessly. Automatix has an uninstall feautre. apt-get remove vmware-player (not sure of the exact name but you can check it)
sorry then. I uninstalled it successfuly with apt-get.
warbo: so there isnt any way to set my user to have root privliges?
read that thing ubotu said
a messaging service inside gnome - that is the shortest way I can do that
so does anybody here know stuff about mono on breezy?
or shall i ask somewhere else
I know nothing about it sorry
did any 1 upgrade to breezy?
lots of folks
what hardware are you running?
is it possible to learn as much about linux on ubuntu as i could on a dist such as....slackware if i choose to do everything i need done via the console?
yes it is possible
what is special about slackware?
hi
Can someone tell me how to install java to ubuntu? Also someone here gave me a site with some explanations about installing new things to ubuntu... does anyone know that? thanks
It's explained on the above like.
pls help me every my update manage couln't update packeges
how can fix update manager if it couln't update packeges?
have you tries the terminal so we can see an  error?
i havent used irc in years..umm how do i view all chat rooms on the servert i am connected to
anyone? im trying to find a chat room on java programming, how can i do that?
perhaps ##java or #java or some such
http://www.gnome.org/start/2.16/notes/C/rnfrontpage.html
thanks man
you're welcome
i even have wireless working in ubuntu with an unsupported card, i'm pretty impressed.
yeah ymmv with some wireless cards though :)
yeah, i had to do alot of things to get it to work, upgrade kernel, try to find the driver cd hehe, get ndiswrapper, and play with wpa_supplicant, that took a while cause i didn't release i had to have ssid broadcasting working for wpa-psk with the aes algorithm for it to work with wpa_supplicant
first find out what chipset it is.   lspci -v | grep Network
Where do I type that?
in a terminal
http://www.cuteoverload.com/
there are mono/gtk# apps?
yeah, there's a mono/gtk rss reader.
better is a relative term, it really depends on the individual person's needs and preferences - but ubuntu is ideal if you are setting out with linux, it has a good support network, great availability of packages, supports more hardware, etc
OpenSusE users said to me that ubuntu sux
i would take that statement with a pinch of salt - the person/people who told you that probably have some other motive - but the advice to you is that you try ubuntu out to see if it works for you or not, again, there is no good, better or best, ubuntu is just another distro with specific goals and objectives
how can I launch xorg options editor gtk?
Can you rephrase your question?
I'm not familiar with a tool called 'Xorg Options Editor'.  Do you mean the item listed under System>Preferences>Screen (or display) ?
is it possible to upgrade from Dapper Server --> Feisty Server directly?
possible but ill advised.. go via edgy first
okay - thnaks.
Carl--- everything was disappearing---- now i can minimize and come back to it.  Your friends here talked me through it.
- well talk me though it, cuz I never noticed that they disapeared like that, and now I am bothered ;)
- um... no.   I knew there was some stuff I needed to do.  Ill give it a shot right now
with sudo, how can i set the 'normal' permissions for a folder for my user?
sudo chown username:username folder; chmod 0755 folder
you do if you want to do it recursively
êòîíèòü äàéòå ññûëî÷êó ãäå ìîæíî ñêà÷àòü ÏÅÐÅÂÎÄÈ×Ê (ðóññêî-àíãëèéñêèé   è  àíãëî-ðóññêèé)
!ru
/join #ubuntu-ru
hello. I want to install pidgin. But my repository list doesn't find it
pidgin is not yet in the feisty repos, you will have to go to the website and download the source code
thank you
can anyone tell me best place to find step by step beryl setup for hp notbooks
sudo apt-get install beryl then run beryl-manager in a terminal and it should start
either check out compiz or compiz-fusion since they are different
!tell morphis about away
it's my bounce which does this, I am using it not for so long but I will try to change this
should be better now
how i run gparted
I install gparted by sudo and i can;t see gparted program
system -> administration -> gnome partition editor
impeach!
I agree but it is offtopic
Elive caused me nothing but grief.. no support what so ever...
isn't /usr/share/applications/sickbeard.desktop more likely to be useful?
does that exist?
the issue is I don't know these packages... I installed it manually as a service on startup
What do u guys think is better? Debian or Ubuntu?
sorry
not a problem
tell me more about Karmic Koala people
It has a new IM program
im = pidgin right ?
Could someone help me understand how I could source out a crash.
dmesg is a start, /var/log/ another
Is there a place that logs my startup dialogue, I've noticed a number of errors as the system loads
i dont remember the root password =/ what can i do? =/
yes paul
sudo su -
can someone help me ? I installed grub2 and now try to install gfxmenu...
i do not think gfxmenu is compatible with grub2
http://grub.enbug.org/GraphicalMenuDesign
is xgl in dapper?
does the ubuntu installer support things like reiserfs and/or xfs? and what is the best for desktop use?
I'm not sure if it supports reisterfs or xfs, but ext3 is the best for desktop.
help needed
fire away
someone who wants to help!
E: Unable to lock the download directory
you are trying to use more than one instance of apt
so what do i do to fix it?
hey guys, does anyone know how to install new resolutions? I tried editting xorg.conf but nothing is working still
sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
you have to restart after reconfiguring
Hi -  I have some issues with Apache2 / PHP5. I have installed Apache, MySQL and PHP seperately (so I haven't used LAMP), and have put the files (PHPBB) in the /var/www folder, which in my /etc/apache2/sites-available is my default site, but when I'm entering http://localhost in my browser, Firefox wants me to download a PHTML file. I have Googled my case, and it seems I must enter the location of my php.ini somewhere in the Apache
configuration file, but which one? It doesn't seem to be apache.conf.
Please don't flood, use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste, don't use Enter as punctuation.
rst related commands are usually in the python-docutils package
eg, rst2html or related
right on. incidentally, they seem to have been renamed to rest2(html|xml|latex)
hey.... how can I see what user is running the apache process?
ok so it's www-data... but www-data has no home-dir, where can I find its ~/.blabla?
ps -ef | grep apache
Can anyone help me configure VirtualBox Ose? I'm trying to install windows xp
#vbox
/join #vbox
Die Alles entscheidende frage ist und bleibt wird beim ubuntu setup automatisch ein smp kernel installiert wenn ein athlon x2 eingebaut ist
hi
english only in here please
how can i tell ubuntu to turn off in 30 mins? i want to use the terminal
also my user is the only user but it's not root how do i make it root?
if it's in the admin group use sudo
How would I go about removing DRM from a .wmv file?
Under Ubuntu, like, is there anything built into gstreamer or the terminal?
Unfortunately no. The common wisdom on linux is to avoid DRM whenever possible.
whats a good way to explain 'live cd' to the 'windows cult'
You just have to explain it the long way (a CD that you boot to instead of the HDD)
did you see the ABC to midi converter thats in universe?
Should I switch back to Windows XP so that my monitors can work right, or does Ubuntu also have the capability i need and I just can't find it?
so I should just switch back to XP?
whats the issue with the monitor
does your core 2 has ht?
http://www.intel.com/products/processor/core2duo/specifications.htm?iid=prod_core2duo+tab_spec
it doesn't speak about HT, I guess dual core (and core duo) superceeded HT
Dark_Spyro_033: I had the same problem you are having and mine is a Radeon graphics card as well i end up just using the onboard
lol how is it?
how do you figure?
hello, how can i install yahoo messenger on ubuntu? tnx!
gaim does yahoo msgr
but i need the webcam feature of ym...
how can I make a custom script execute with root privileges at boot time?'
http://en.gentoo-wiki.com/wiki/Autostart_Programs
nvm, that is for gentoo
no hansemann
it is possible.
it's not technically 'partitioning', but you can use LVM to create a large logical volume that spans multiple disks
does anyone know anything about virtualbox???
VirtualBox has their own channel here: #vbox
type: /join #vbox
ANYONE: I have dapper, and I've installed aiglx + compiz, however whenever I click on the power-button-looking Quit icon, compiz freezes. Does anyone have any experience with this? In my research online I've found that some people claim that reverting gnome-session to 2.14.0-0 would fix this issue, but I've not been able to find a way to do that.
#ubuntu-xgl
noone's alive in ubuntu-xgl :-(
dbfjemnd
ubuntu
 what about it ?
or better idea sexybobo, once you've got that package installed, just run glxinfo what do you get back?
warop ubuntu has a built in cd copying program, use that but tell it to write to file instead of another disk
The glxinfo gives me a whole lot of stuff but keeps mentioning nvidia and the glxgears was giving me 6833 fps i am guessing the additional driver app is just incorrect
Hi all, in 11.04 Unity, can anyone recommend any good indicators?
I'm looking for an indicator to alert me when I press caps lock because my keyboard doesn't have a light
i map mine to Ctrl for emacs
I noticed when i restart my comp, at the ubuntu load screen it keeps doing 'Routine check of disk' how can i disable this?
I noticed when i restart my comp, at the ubuntu load screen it keeps doing 'Routine check of disk' how can i disable this?
accept that you'll have data loss?
what can I use to access .axx file in Karmic .axx file are encrypted file made with AxCrypt
Does AxCrypt run on Linux/Mac?
check out https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Wine
 will photorec work on a damaged fat32 dpartitoin?
 good to know. by coincidence, i installed testdisk package about 10 minutes ago!
:)
All my themes are gone from system -> preferences -> appearance... how to install it back again?
is    gnome-themes   installed?
yes
hi
may i ask a question?
 just ask your question, if someone can/cares they will try and help
What is the command to close the disc tray?
eject -t ?
It worked! THX
Uhm where can I see which modules is loaded on my computer? I don't have X installed
lsmod
Ah, thanks
virtual console capture device
and vcsa is attributes
ok.  and udev createing/removing them is probably xlock's doing?
got it done by now?
Where can I royaly complain?
the disk is partitioned. It has a vfat-partition. I just dont know what to do to make it show up in computer://  Right now i have it maunted on my brothers computer in /home/Mybrother/Disk. With permissions to read/write. But that wont work if he adds another user :(
does anyone have experience getting dual monitors working in ubuntu linux, i am using flgrx... i have both of them getting a signal but they just mirror each other
id like it so one screen shows one workspace and the other shows the second
i have heard that task by another successful user earlier as 'backbreaking' i have no idea
How ca I make a logitec webcam work on xubuntu?
what webcam is it?
Does it not work at all?
anyone help with tork setup wizard
why dont you start and ask the channel if you get stuck along the way :)
just tell me though, what is tork?
!bluetooth > hamadooo    (hamadooo, see the private message from Ubotu)
!appdb > sadaiyappan_    (sadaiyappan_, see the private message from Ubotu)
i have this link .. but first i want to know if ubuntu have the bluetooth driver of my laptop
stavros:  me, yes
does it crash when you try to open one for you too?
and when I try to save one too
Hi everyone. I would like to use both Windows 2000 and Ubuntu on my computer. I was able, years ago, to install five different OS on a harddrive, but I can't remember how I did that (probably a multiboot software). Is there a safe and easy way to do this with Ubuntu? If so, where could I find info on this? Any help welcome!
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6104490811311898236&q=ubuntu
Hahaha, funny video but instructive.
thanks leth
NO Idea why this isn't working
sudo dhclient <iface>
it ain't that
ok what have you done already?
you on breezy?
can anyone tell me how to, from a user account install flashplayer-installer? i have tried 'sudo flashplayer-installer' it asks for my password then says wrong password?
you want to install flash player?
yes
can someone help me i've got a shell script that connects and gets the file it works and its all fine and dandy but i want to expand it.  What i want it to do it when it runs it gets the file but renames it to the current date
 the file would be called picaxe.bas on the ftp server and on the local computer i would want it to be for example 29-05-09.bas
#bash
I have an old Ubuntu 7.04 box.  It seems the sources.list is out of date or bad: apt-get update gives 404s.  Is there any way to fix this without needing a fresh reinstall?
7.04 reached end of life a few months ago. the repos have been dismantled. please upgrade to a supported release.
dont do what MindVirus said though. you cant skip that far ahead.
hi y'all why the firefox doesnt play sound in flash websites?
see here: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/RestrictedFormats/Flash#head-f036b17c3150dd72f58d952a0e13094568c9f92e
cheers mate
hi all : how can i unpack a .rpm ?
seveas ineed a file out of a rpm i dont want to use it as such
what .rpm
how can I change to #ubuntu+1?
'/join ubuntu+1' no quotes
that should actually be '/join #ubuntu+1'   sorry
How do I recover my password with a livecd?
 chroot into the installed system and use the 'sudo passwd' command to change it
 or *not reccomdneded* alter the /etc/shadow file to make the password blanl.
I installed karmic alpha 6 on an acer aspire 1410, wiping the drive and partitioning it into / (ext4), swap, and /home (ext4).  it fails to boot with 'ALERT! /dev/disk/by-uuid/<uuid> does not exist.'  but that is the correct uuid and it *does* exist according to the initramfs shell I'm dropped to
I'm not sure it's strictly a karmic thing; googling turns up reports going back years, but never with a concrete cause or solution
It probably is a karmic specific bug, please ask in #ubuntu+1
does the command find work off a cache?
no. locate does.
thanks
Anyone use imsniff?
 i've used dnsiff, which is similar, but not imsniff specifically.
 the description say smsn now but others 'could follow'
how do i remove a program with its dependsies?
or how you spell it..
dependencies* - sudo aptitude remove packagename
try using xchat instead
really weird frontend really
HugoCalleja: XChat is not installed by default -- must be installed manually.
Is there a way to make lower ports available to normal users without sudo?
i don't believe so (without superuser privileges).
ok...thanks
here's one: my star trek torrent stalls at 82.47%
true
if its the latest, i'd advise you to go to the cinema. its worth it. :p
i want to move all dirs in my dir 'test1' to 'test2', but there are some dirs in 'test2' which are named as the ones which should be moved. so i get 'mv: cannot overwrite directory...' ... how do i move it so that the dirs get moved into each other?
rsync might be able to do something like that, but I don't know the specific options that would do it.
arrrrrrrrrgh. could not someone implement it? its a missing and very useful feature :)
Anyone know how to record from line-in? nothing is detecting my microphone port.
why would you use line-in instead of the microphone?
my laptop only has 1 port, guess it is microphone but has a built-in microphone as well
How do I make Nautilus always be in sudo mode
?
you definitely don't want to do that
how do i enable lsusb?
i mean usb ports
you dont, its a command, open a terminal and type it
hello?
first time I have been on IRC in nearly a decade...this is weird
its like riding a bike youll get back in the swing of things
hello
anyone know if its easy to install ubuntu on an ASUS EEE PC 1011PX ?
nope but i would try to liveboot it first
Now use /ns set password new-pass
Is there another program that can convert to WMV? Because I don't think I can run avidmux under gutsy
I just tried avidmux under gutsy, its fine
Hello, I am trying to use evolution to send an encrypted message (using gpg) to a mailing list so that people on the list (who I have in my keyring) can decrypt it... any help or guidance where I can read more about it
those users will also need the gpg key file that you use to encode the message
what do you mean?
!xgl
whats the XGL room name?
#ubuntu-xgl
morning; is there a command to set the permissions to 777 for folders and 666 for files recursively?
yes chmod -R
chmod -R doesn't make a difference between folders/files; if i use 'chmod -R 777 folder' then everything will be 777 even my files which should be 666
anyone use samba (or something else) to connect to Windows AD domain?
i am curious how effective it is
Samba4 is effective
use vnc Keiffer
!vnc | Keiffer
thanks
Hello Everyone..Strange as it seems when I set my visual effects to Normal or any other except 'None' they revert back to 'None' on a reboot'
Append 'compiz --replace' to your profile, I guess.
: Its done. Thank You..!!
does anyone know a way of putting everything on my screen through a visual effect (eg blue tinting) without affecting my ability to interact with the OS? Is there a way i could use an API in a language like Java to do it? Is there somewhere else i should be asking this question?
define 'everything'
ah I see what you mean now
Anyone know how to get a cli ftp client to connect to a non standard port?
ftp server port
e.g.   ftp ftp.debian.com 3452
I am looking for some movie format converter (best if its GUI). Any suggestions?
if you are on jaunty, winff is in the repo's
woo-hoo thank You
hmmm.... how can i tell firefox to open requests for a new window in a new tab?
no dice
make sure you close out and restart for tabs (and other prefs) to stick
hello
i'm having an issue with a new install of server 11.04.  trying to set up static ip but it wont access internet afterwards.  I can access local network but nothing outside.
problem with modem?
is there something for ubuntu like fpaste?
what's fpaste do?
it's a cli tool.. sudo apt-get install pastebinit .. then to paste a text file .. pastebinit <textfile.txt>
is rsync the best option to makes copies of and ubuntu server to a NAS?
playting with duplicity myself
?
how can i format all my drives on my hd, via a live cd? :-/
use parted
use the root terminal of the livecd
another q, I used to use a theme called 'dark looks'.  I don't know if this initially came with 7.10 but it doesn't seem to be working now.  It's selected but not showing up.
the theme probably is not compatible with the gnome in Hardy most likely
weird... I switched to a different one and then back and it worked
hello
hello.. i have a serious problem about disc partitions.. can anyone help please?
what kind of partitions and what are you trying to do?
Hello all, how can I find out what can be installed with apt-get install, is there an online list i ca look at? looking for vnc server spesificaly
Sorry, forgot to add im using server version
do 'apt cache search <name>'
how do i 'killall' the process?
how do i 'killall' the process?
use the killall command ;)
how can i run a second X session? i am using 'startx', but it is complaining about 'fatal error: server already exists at 0.'
startx -- :1
thx
I have a little problem with my sound
can someone tell me the defualt gstreamer sound configuration ?
it uses esd as a sink by default
yes it shows up on the menu
np
you forgot install...
Hey all
I would like to download Ubuntu 7.04 but not sure which version is 64 bit for Intel Core2 Duo?
core2 duo is 64bit
ubuntu-bug packagename
sorry, was scrolled up, I'm not sure if that is still relevant.
thanks just found out he
hi! when i want to apt-insall certain packages ubuntu wants to read them from the CD. how do i make it always install from the net?
remove the cd entry from synaptic
ah thanks! i looked there before but missed that it was the very first line:)
is Uuntu a easy OS  for beginners?
it is one of the gentlest intros to linux imo
ok~~~
can anyone recommend a good html editor with syntax highlighting?
there's one included: gedit...go to View>Highlight Mode>Markup>HTML
no problem
hey, someone know where is xchat after hidding? I have banshee and terminal on belt after hidding, but xchat disappear :(
Unity little sux in my opinion, i am confused :P
amen to that
xD
look up apt-get . You need to know how it works.
apt-get install is how you get programs. Try apt-get install moon-buggy .
hey all: do the files in /etc/cron.d do anything by themselves, or is it necessary for them to be linked at from /etc/cron.daily for example
oh you mean english english
which english? :)
hahahahahaha
you know what I'm talking about ;P
of course... i work tech support for graphics cards :D
those who don't see the 10.10 option in upgrade manager: click settings button, then in the 'Release upgrade' drop-down list select - 'normal releases'. Close the settings window and click 'check' button again
that didn't help me, though :>
it didn't show the option to upgrade
i have enabled all repositories, but it still doesn't show firefox as having an update...can anyone tell me why?
yes, breezy
maybe it wasnt added to the repos yet
Sometimes you need windows for compatability or games
true,but in that case of wanting to play c.s. for 2 weeks i would take out my comp out of storage(windows)
then it will go right back
how does one read what wants in here filters out all the chatter?
:bazhang irssi
 /help ignore
texnick im satisfied with 64 bit
... does it seem quite a bit faster than 32 bit ???
... ty for the input ... hope it works well :)
Hello, I want to create a softlink to the terminal on my desktop to make the terminal easier to get to.  I am unsure of what the terminal programs name is though.
gnome-terminal, yes
Doesn't matter - it's in your path.
is there any other good burning program then k3b and nero ?
gnomebaker is another option
will try it
how is the standard root passwd?
user pwd = sudo passwd
sudo passwd root - for set a root passwd
does anyone know of a program that can allow me to save multiple file paths and copy them into another directory with the click of a button? thanks.
))))
yeah and to be able to save all the file paths..sbackup backups the files into a zip file (which I can't even extract), so that isn't helpful
yes, they are
Both 40pins right? (EIDE slots and ide connector)
Thanks
speak english ?
all ?
did you see any other language spoken in here?
tsukasa_: what is dbus used for?
im using notify-send on it
it only works in sudo
how do I make the monitor shut off a minute after the screen blanks instead of however long it takes by default?  using 10.10, if it matters
screensaver time and power screnn shut off coordinate.
not sure what you said, but found it while looking again; thank you.
change your stupid name please
which is also written wrong
You are the first among hundreds' of visitors who has a complaint about my nick, but please PM me, I'm curious what error I have made.
how can I get teh ip of my computers in my house[without the obvious getting off my lazy ass and go look] that are running windows, and have active shares? like in my kitchen, I have a pc, named Kitchen[real original I know] and I want to connect to it's vnc, I have it installed, but no idea what it's ip is...
I tried ping kitchen :D but that obviously failed
Try connecting to 'Kitchen.local'
but I try again
hmm, bitchx was removed from ubuntu 8.04?
irssi ftw :)
how do you add workspaces in gnome?
right click on the workspace and prefs
thanks
need to configure a bluetooth connection,., my fone can detect my desktop pc.. need some help on pc side
thanx garryFre
welcome
Is there any problem at all of reinstalling Ubuntu while the computer is dual-booting with Windows XP?
oh
you'll probably just overwrite the ubuntu installation
what is the command to connect and disconnect pppoe?
 pon and poff
thanx
do you wanna, wanna Fanta?
no, coke thanks...
thankyou :)
does anybody know when ubuntu 10.04 LTS is not supported anymore?
I mean the exact date?
all i can see is April 2013
wesley-ip: #ubuntu-br-al #ubuntu-br-doc ubuntu-pt are the closest I can find
thank you
you might also want to try xubuntu. Its supposed to be a bit quicker on older hardware
Yeh always defrag before resizing, it decreases the risk of errors
do you have any idea why I can not mount my DVD drive in 8.10?  Did work before when slave to CDROM but now as master will not
no idea, sorry
his it possible to resume an ftp fownload
from the terminal
wget -c (for 'continue')
d2818 use firefox instead
: wiking wanted to use opera
hmm starnge maybe it will be easier to explain that firefox is much better
what's the ubuntu notepad called?
gedit
but there is always ndiswrapper for rescuing
hey
I recently installed Ubuntu.. (last night) and im having some problems with my dialup
whats the problem?
mandriva the best distro linux
try debian! or arch!
or your own!
I have a quick question: Why do my windows lag when I drag them? Or when I scroll?
I have a quick question: Why do my windows lag when I drag them? Or when I scroll? How do I fix them?
you can minimize the graphical effects
than sudo make and sudo make install
please dont recommend that here
sudo -i if he must
is there a way to install the latest version of ruby on ubuntu?  it defaulted to 1.8.7
check launchpad
what's launchpad?
Does ubuntu compile their kernels with the high memory option for 32-bit limitation on 3GB of RAM?
So is it worth going 64-bit or is it too much a headache?
 ive had no issues with 64bit so far.. :)
i remember when gnome and kde were fitting on 1 cd, not that bloated mess they are now lol
that keybiard layout indicator in lucid is so  lame, hot to put the old back?
 thats what i was thinking
kernel 2.6.20-15-generic has given me 'BUG: soft lockup detected' twice, possibly related to the firegl driver .. googling I've seen a number of soft lockups related to 2.6.20 on the ubuntu forums .. easy way to downgrade?
just install older version. it must be in repos
ok, I'll just grab it from the pool and put linux-image-generic on hold
hello happy new year and i need some help, i have a dell d600 with ubuntu 10.10 on it and a sprint air card. i use the air card for internet and i also setup a network that all of us can log in to. its great but after an hour or a day i get a black screen ,no internet, non responsive, computer with 2 lights flashing
any help?
That is a kernel panic. Typically, it is caused by a faulty driver module
Does anyone know where you can get saslauthd for Breezy, or what package it might reside in?
assuming you're attempting to setup SMTP auth?
well, ldap sucks or i'm just dumb :P let me pmsg, i'll help you out
Is it possible to take a LiveUSB version of Ubuntu 1.10 and turn it into an .iso in Windows?
Can I just take the usb and make an iso from it?
 you mean take a flash drive setup and convert it back to an ISO file.. that is proberly diable.. but may be tricy
im trying to install ssome programe and the programs want to know the location of ' C header files that match your running kernel? i checked my '/usr/src/linux/include' for C header but didn't find anything there any suggestion ?
can someone Please help?
What program?
What do I need to open a .rar file?
How do I use unrar?
if you install unrar, you should be able to extract rar files using GUI programs like fileroller or ark or whatever
Can some body help me to install dnsmasq on my computer?
yes, but I am on a LAN, and I dont know where to add, this 'except-interface=eth0'
I think I used it before but why not just use bind9
!usplash > \ratpoison
!usplash > ratpoison
/msg ubotu usplash  would also work :)
question
the latest xubuntu uses what version of xfce?
4.6
look at the S<number> scripts in rc.d
thats how you prioritise stuff to start before other stuff
keep in mind ubuntu now uses upstart for a lot of init scripts
I don't get a påoupå windows asking for my password having this line inside a bash script: gksudo aptitude -y install irssi, but using only gksudo aptitude install irssi will show a popup windows asking for my password. Why?
påoupå windows are known to be tricky.
:)
hello
a quick urgent question: how do i become root in ubuntu?
sudo su
where can I get 'Powered By: Ubuntu' stickers, like the windows ones?
Ubuntu Store, is a link from Ubuntu.com
I was talking about like this
what all options do i have with my Palm and ubuntu?
what all options do i have with my Palm and ubuntu?
i know there are some programs out there for palm.. i dont have one
what plugin do i install so rythmbox can read mp3 files?
 gstreamer-mad
thank you.
I installed ubuntu on my SD card using Unetbootin , I booted ubuntu , All went good but abount 2 mins in and I got an message box saying 'this pc has 0 bytes remaining' any help? Some ppl say that happens , but my ubuntu was unusable
but my SD card had 2GB free space
and nyou tried to put ubuntu on that 2gigs of space?
This really is getting hard for me, can't find anything on google either. Does someone have any idea why have I lost my Administrator permissions, still as I am administrator and it worked correctly few hours ago?
I won't get any errors, it's just simply that I nearly can't do anything on my own PC anymore
we don't have any idea (cause we have not enough information), and we don't care either, why would we. you shouldn't care much about it either. all you should try is to regain thm. but what you wrote so far doesn't further that goal. please start asking questions, etc which we can actually help and which actually matter
hi.  it's the ati 200m guy, again.  Device  'radeon'  didn't work.  :(
hmm, can you pastebin your new xorg.conf with pastebinit /etc/X11/xorg.conf please
yes.  thank you.
How can I get my Creative Fatal1ty headset to work on Ubuntu 8.10?
Who can suggest me a good media player for both audio and video files?
mplayer is kinda minimalistic but does work very well. A good media center program is VLC
I need some help installing KDE on Ubuntu, and I can't get kubuntu because my cd-rom doesn't seem to work
I'm new to linux so I have no clue how to install it
Open terminal and type:'apt-get install kubuntu-desktop'
hi all, I insalled ubuntu64, but I get no X. Its all CLI
how do I configure X in Ubuntu?
dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
Hello *
Ubuntu is simple??? (I'm a mandrake linux user)
I dunno how simple is Ubuntu - but what I know is that Ubuntu is DEBIAN and I feel so much better with it than Mandrake/Fedora !
hey peeps
anybody know how to make munin not keep loading plugins after i  remove the symlink from the plugins folder? I alredy asked in the  #munin channel but they Awol
try #ubuntu-server I think that's fatser
(10.04) how do I add programs to the quick launch panel at the top that aren't in the 'add to panel' list ?
there's the custom application launcher option.
this should do what you want.
i need to know the best music player, not amarok though
there is no best of anything in nlife
try a few, see which you like.
sooo anybody know the default username pw  for basic mysql lamp install ?  or have a link for me to read?
there is also a #mysql, but if you use mysql -u root, it will enter
 ::   ty =)
guys, I have an evolution question. Is it possible to group by thread also showing my messages to who ever?
kind of like a message board style so i can see the entire conversation
View > Group By Thread
morning ya'll
when is the full release of 6.10 coming out?
8.10 you mean?  the 30th
I have a question about navigating to the home/usrname/.mozilla directory, how do I navigate there?
cd  /home/usrname/.mozilla
or in nautilus press CTRL+H
Where can I find the sudoers file?
/etc
Thank you
anybody know if ubuntu can be controled via voice? like windows can. and type with voice..
controlled, probably yes to an extent, type, no, at least not without commercial software that's out of production
it's IBM ViaVoice, but you can't pay for it as they aren't selling it anymore
-=<( anybody tried it in a VPC 2007 VM )>=-
i bet this channel get real busy in the middle of the night :)
the middle of the night is now.
Look at windows 8 blocking dual boot concern http://www.zdnet.com/blog/microsoft/will-windows-8-block-users-from-dual-booting-linux-microsoft-wont-say/10772?tag=nl.e550
 Just as a word of advice, linux guys will always outsmart windows guys.  So fear not
right
oui
non
tape /join #ubuntu-fr
i need to make a folder in /usr/share/games/ do i do gksu natilus in term?
if not what is correct thing to do?
sure
Hi does anyone know where to change the brightness of a laptop monitor?
I know but the fn key don't work
an alternative is to use xgamma command   xgamma 4  or whatever
is there an easy way to enable udma for a dvd device besides hdparm?
i.e. so i dont have to use cli every time i watch a dvd
i think you have to edit the hdparm.conf file
the X server does not need to listen TCP in order for ssh forwarding to work
totem works in practice better with the xine backend (totem-xine)
when I try to apt-get it, it wants to remove ubuntu-desktop
!tell brownie17 about ati
what's SOL stand for?
Sh*t Out of Luck ;)
crush1 > It happened to me ...if you make run fixmbr this will solve the issue for Windows ..but you'll have no access to grub anymore
ello there ...can someone recommend the best torrent client for ubuntu ???
whatever azureus has turned into is probably still java ... but the 'best' application is probably user-centric .. just pick a few and try them and use the one you like !
celsius: i might be wrong about this but the nvidia driver and ubuntu 9.10 aren't mixing very well, i would suggest uninstalling it for now and using a fglrx driver, sorry
Celsius that doesnt make any sense, fglrx driver is ati
its the release rage. all the mirrors are struggling under load
hey you guys, im testing if i can write to a file from terminal, and i can; however, when i try to write a newline into a file, it doesnt work, its writes everything one one line ...whats up with this?  echo 'line1 \n line2' >> testlines.txt
or add another blank echo >> file
echo -e will evaluate any escape sequences like \t and \n
hey, what command will list all open files?
lsof
thanks
hi ho
ist das repository momentan down oder stimmt bei mir was nciht
try #ubuntu-de
hi
anyone know where to download unbuntu programs?
try synaptic, the program
Hi there, I want to list all the files and all the directory of /mnt/dino/Films and to write the results in a file to print it after.. How ?
ls >> output.txt
thanks
It offers nothing other than a placebo speed effect. No on has ever proven gentoo to be faster at ANYTHING than Debian based distros.
I think Gentoo is not a good learning experience. A good learning experience is slackware.
its not really about speed. USE flags are pretty powerful. But building everyting gets tedious
hi. i have an ubuntu 10.04 system one which random windows freeze ('turn gray') extremely often, preferably multiple at the same time. during these events, is there a typical cause?
try to use vesa driver first
how do i change to the vesa driver?
!appdb | freshnick
the game works fine and i was able to play on hamachi with my friend over the internet , but with my brother it just doesnt work
#winehq
I do
I'm not sure where to actually download xChat from. To me, the xChat website suggests it is available for Windows or Fedora.
I want to get xChat installed for Ubuntu and I want to do it the easiest way possible *grin*
anyone knows a good alternative to landscape ?
What is landscape?
I have no idea, sorry
does anybody know if linux will ever take advantage of the idea of universal binaries like apple just did?
oddly, it wouldn't be very hard to support this similar to what apple does. it just requires a launcher directory format to be followed by a window manager.
that is not what apple is doing with it's 'universal binary'. your application in what you just wrote there is closer to how java or .net works.
is there a way to get information on all the USB ports on my computer (back side and front side), to see their status and to know whether there's something wrong with them?
how many ls- commands are there diabolix?
: type 'ls' then hit the tab key twice.
ok...Ubuntu officially KICKS @$$!
I have a bunch of mp3s in a folder...no music player of any kind open...mouse hovered over a file by accident...the OS started playing the file without opening any music player!
The music player is prob in your notification area
i recently ordered some ubuntu cds (about 3 days ago), i was wondering how long it will take them to get to me, i live in sydney australia
i recently ordered some ubuntu cds (about 3 days ago), i was wondering how long it will take them to get to me, i live in sydney australia
5-6 weeks usually
Is it possible to move the screen to a different area on my monitor in Ubuntu as my screen to too far to the right and I wish to move it.
anyone?
there should be some buttons on the monitor to adjust that
yes.
take a look at the man page for scp, but in general scp user@remoteserver:/path/to/remote/file /path/to/local/dir
silly, so All I had to do was swap the destination and source around
hello all. How do I to make an ISO image?
an iso from what?
do : dd if=/dev/cdrom of=cd.iso # for cdrom
hmm im trying to install ubuntu server jaunty (9.04) ive set up a raid 1 partion for / and onde for /boot. But when im trying to boot i get 'file not found'. anyone got a suggestion how to solve this?
9.04 is still a development version, and  for real servers  8.04 is recommended,  and  if you just want to say run  Apache or a LAMP set up  you can do it in a desktop version
yes, but  this is a test server, and i want to run 9.04 =)
hey gays, i have  a problem with install the wlan bradcom to acer 4551?
hey gays, i have  a problem with install the wlan bradcom to acer 4551?
sudo apt-get install firmware-b43-installer
hello every one
Hello rana
Write your question clearly, and somebody might be able to help you
how can I set the default browser?
i think you can do that inside the browser when you open it or in the preferences
no problem
can I find my RAM clock speed without opening my computer?
 know anything bout apache-ssl sir
u there mate?
how to install google SketchUp 8 in ubuntu 10.10
how install wine...
sudo apt-get install wine
can i install grub to an external hdd ?
yea
the command is grub-install. read the --help
ive got dual heads going with 2 separate x servers, how do i change the number of workspaces on my second screen?  using the workspace switcher applet (on either monitor) only changes the x server 0 monitor.
you using compiz in that setup?
yes, i am using compiz.  it is beautiful, but slightly buggy.  not nearly anywhere as buggy as it used to be.
hey all, just trying to find where my internet files go from firefox
downloads? or temp files.. anything other than temp is probably in ~/.mozilla
~/.mozilla
thank you!
You're welcome!
tried it and it doesn't work.  Tried ctrl+alt+delete and got it to work!
- such stupid mistake wasted an hour of my time - of course I should have done 0
thanks for pointing out the obvious - silly me ; (
heh, np
I don't think its ose... how do I check
So how do I check if it is OSE?
brasero does it
Can someone help me? I was trying to save a script in /usr/bin/ and it said 'You don't have the permissions necessary to save this file'. Should I sign in as root or...?
^Alright, thanks.
you probably just need to `chmod +x /path/to/your/script`  unless it requires root priv
I installed ubuntu but forgot to add my home partition to the mount point... how to do it afterwards?
vi /etc/fstab
it's got an UUID stuff that I didn't understand
i want to change the language to spanish??????????
 menu > system > prefs > language support
escribar  /join #ubuntu-es
which is safer, proposed or backports?
which has more stable versions, proposed or backports?
avoid proposed - they are only for adventurous user for testing
what prog uninstall's .rar files in ubuntu?
you can't 'install' .rars in the first place.
unrar
hey guys, how do i upgrade from command line?
sudo do-release-upgrade
<3
how do i know what version of ubuntu i'm using?
ty
You're welcome.
Hello. When ubuntu has started I have to enter a 'Key ring' passowrd. Where is the settings for automatic login, so I don't havce to enter the password every time I start ubuntu?
maybe it's under System>Administration>Authorizations
please let me know if it's not there.  Personally, I don't use the GNOME Keyring so I'm kinda wild guessing that one.
Anyone know why a new install of ubuntu would fail to update?  Error says fails to connect to the server... Connection failed [IP: 146.137.96.7 80] 
 you don't have an Inet connection?
 but you can connect to the web and ssh and whateverr? I would change your repo's in sources.list then
ok i have 2 slight problems at the moment, new Ubuntu user so bare with me, 1) my sound insists on using my laptops speaker even with an external speaker plugged in and turned on, any way of getting my sound to use the external speaker and 2) my wireless seems to crash after an hour or so of no use and I have to reboot the laptop to get it back, anything that I have not done right or need to change?
once you've reviewed that , come back for the wifi stuff
why is it that Ubuntu does not use my external speakers when plugged in when every other OS i have used works with extrenal speakers correctly?
wow, uncharacteristically slow in #ubuntu, everyone downloading alpha 6?
everyone sleeping ;)
the guys in #ubuntu+1  are the ones downloading alpha6
lenni magyar?
:D
lenni magyar?? >D
baudchief in practical terms viruschecking in linux is primarily a service to windows people to assist in preventing you sending something accidentally in an enclosure or suchlike
I see
most dont bother afaik
is there a way to force ubuntu to install grub on a specific drive after selecting use entire disk?  when i went through the install it put it on /dev/sda which is an LVM drive of mine... i'd rather have it on the OS drive and then have the bios boot it first?
your bios should let you boot to that drive then, you'll have to edit the bios screen
you can boot into linux, then at commant prompt do grub-install /dev/<your HD>
I think /etc/profile is run once, and .bashrc everytime you launch a bash
not sure tho
thanks! I'll try that too.
why would gigolo reject my password when I'm, trying to connect to share??
it's not xubuntu
I know... I just thought that since it is more popularly used in XFCE, u might be better helped there.
geez, 7.10 automatically firewalled everything I was doing :/
thats not a nice introduction to an upgraded OS
 Hmm.. i dident notice ANY firewalling on my 3 installs.
Hi
I Have a problem and i'm looking for some help
just ask
hey, what's the general linux command to list all the hardware info?
lshw
it's probably in dmesg
what you trying to do?
trying to get my ricoh card reader to woek
*work
^ yeah thats it
but that only works if the source is in the repos right or am i mistaken?
rgr.. its the source code use to make a .deb file
hey guys, how do I install my nvidia video card drivers? When running the installer, it tells me I need to 'exit X' before installing. How do I do that?
i've been resarting in recovery mode
just run it from the recovery mode option then?
on 6.04 firefox automatically opens any file i download... anyone else have this problem?
check bug #33038
also for dapper questions please join #ubuntu+1
how would I enable remote session management via telnet on ubuntu server?
install the openssh-server package
zangaman yes
Maybe it's a frequently asked question today, but where is the bot?
It didn't reconnect to all the channels after a netsplit.  We're working on getting a replacement up until it comes back.
ok, thanks for the info
Hi, do you know if a NVIDIA Quadro FX 1100 works with Ubuntu ?
I mean, with two outputs functionality
there should be a list here... ummm...
I got my nfts file partition working but now it won't play any of my mp3's :( it says unknown error
using what app?
up to you really.....but maybe you don't have the mp3 codec for totem
hey...im thinking about setting up ubuntu on this old computer...is there an aol alient i can use on ubuntu
does anybody know of an aol client for ubuntu
pidgin
Can someone direct me to nVidia divers ppa?
ppa:ubuntu-x-swat/x-updates
<3 thanks.
ok, I alterd the package sources, it tried to update, and it has now frozen my whole laptop. I was using the live CD ability to see if ubuntu works on my laptop. Is there any way to recover the system without rebooting?
then i'd restart gdm
don't know if it would work w/ the livecd, but i usually see if i can get to console w/ ctrl+alt+f1
i have remaining area on my hard drive... i was wondering if there is an easy way of going about taking it from ubuntu and partitioning it off for a completley different os install?
 unallocated space? you can make a new partition from it. and do whatever you wanted..
 use gparted to resize.
in webmin which shell option do u choose to give a user full access to my server?
bin/bash?
dont use webmin
there is no upgrade button in update-manager!!
go to the settings in update-manager and allow non-LTS versions, then run update-manager -d
thanks :D
Does the PS3 use linux?
it can dualboot to linux, but it won't give you access to all hardware because it runs in a virtual machine
powerpc kernel (2.6) that runs on the ppe core. the other (spe) cores can be accessed (but one is reserved, so you can access 6 of the spe's)
what is the root password int he live cd
ubuntu
ubuntu
Good evening, i have a problem with stopping the X server in order to install my Nvidia drivers(8600GTS), i have tried gmd stop and gdu stop, but none of those worked, is there anyone that could help me with this matter?
administrator1, did you do anything?
ctrl+alt+f1 login, ps aux | grep gdm ; install drivers, reboot
the new FireFox crashes a lot in Hardy Heron, especially on pages with Flash :(
that's why I downgraded to ff2
and alphakamp_ how do i downgrade to ff2 step by step... OR when will ff3 stop crashing?
hi non serve antivirus for ubuntu
no need for antivirus on a desktop machine
it's the same
hi everybody
pls help me
yes?
can anybody recommend some gui diff tools for me? only 1 i know of is tkdiff
ok thanks Random832
vim, meld
Can anyone help me to install Entangle on Ubuntu? http://entangle-photo.org/download/
just click the url http://www.getdeb.net/software/Entangle and hit 'install'
ic, then build it yourself?
i have a question: how can i get the ubuntu-restricted-extras package to install on ubuntu netbook edition? i need the non-free version of unrar and all i can find is unrar-free, which doesnt work for what i need
sudo apt-get install rar unrar
run: sudo apt-get update     first
how do i install k3b? apt-get install k3b tells me that no such packege....
have you done a apt-get update recently?
will do and let you know
cpan apparently needs root
how do i do that from terminal?
sudo cpan
I've asked several times in the past... hour or so. I see people pop in and out frequently, and I know that if you hop in you dond't see what has been posted before. I'm not new here, and I asked my question much earlier.
okay, then you should probably use a forum
did you close the browser or at least restart playback?
if i have linux mint, can i install ubuntu without the live cd, etc?
anyone got any ideas for my question.
if you have unpartitioned space, you can mount the CD and maybe run the nistaller but I doubt it. You should boot to USB / CD and install
what are the ubuntu hotkeys for copy and paste? ctrl c and v doesn't seem to work?
nevermind it does.... but not in a fullscreen application?
Also in fullscreen applications.
I want to know ether or not it's possible to copy a usr/bin folder from desktop to the ' / ' folder on a live cd?\
i managed to extract the files from a .lzm and the links in the file are hardcoded
possible? yes; wise? sure not
sonoud; do w and then kill the pid
thanks , how to kill pid?  kill -w <pid> ?
sorry, when I do 'who', i can only see pts/0, pts/1, pts/2 where is the pid number?
hi..when i run the sudo apt-get update command, i get this error   http://paste.ubuntu.com/377699/   .. what is it?
how do i add it?
: you can use synaptic to instead
hi
when I revoke a key, I automatically revoke the keys I have signed ?
no, but your signings are rendered worthless.
hi. How can I leave a process running after logging out of a ssh session?
With screen I suppose
lsuactiafner, thanks. I am rtfm :-)
what is my $HOME drive?
anyone know
~/ or usually /home/youraccountname
oh i c
how abt stability
you can run it off the cd as a live session, no need to install it if you don't want to
Hello
I would like to know how to un-install ubuntu?
just delete the partition its on
ok people, how do you login as root?
(for dgimusique )
dont! :)
ive got plans to run 80 copies of a console application that wont let you run more than one copy at a time. I will create 100 user accounts with a script, and have a big 'startall' script which will sudo to each user and start each copy
one process per user....would that work?
try it and see
hey guys (first time here) can anyone help me? i just installed the game 'savage' . i wanted to start the game, but nothing happens..... i tryed bout 10 times,but it still doesnt work.... =/
... how did you install it ?
have you searched in add/remove or synaptic ?
um... can someone help me on compiz fusion? It's the borderless thingy.
you mean you don't have menu headers?
are you calling emerald --replace &
is there a big difference between the 386 and 686 kernels/
?
  most people coiuldnt tell the different
stunned- You should probably wait til the next release :/
CD orders are closed now, aren't they?
think they reopened cuz of popular demand
msg NickServ IDENTIFY 347170
 I'd reset that pw if I were you ...
I forgot my password
 i know this isnt stricly linux related.. but is there some sort of hub i can use to connect my one mouse - one keyboard - one monitor .. to two computers..
It's called a KVM switch.
They're generally expensive, but damned handy. Little box with a switch or button.
I am recruiting software engineers to a collaborative development company. Anyone interested?
I am recruiting software engineers to a collaborative development company. Anyone interested?
take it elsewhere, this is a support channel
no
which desktop environment does xubuntu use?
xfce
Does someone knwo a tool to convert source code to html?
code in c/c++ and vrml to html
maybe enscript ?
All sound is extremely quiet on my system. I have to turn my hardware knob all the way to hear a bit of sound. Any suggestions?
a default installation of Ubuntu is quiet. Turn all your volume settings up
it's not a default installation, and all volume is 100%.
oy
Is there an 'open discussion' ubuntu channel where I can get some more specific advice?
#ubuntu-offtopic
hi, is /mnt obsolete in ubuntu - replaced by /media?
yes
thanks
what is your issue
yes
open computer, check that your sata cables are all plugged in properly, and that the cables themselves aren't bad
Can anyone here offer me a hand with simple scripting?
Excellent.  So I know that i can create a file with shell commands and then execute it with ./filenamehere
yes. i just add . to the end of my path so i don't have to use the pesky slash
CCAG me in yours bitch father speak to me that my computer is in English
olaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
grow up
just updated to 10.04 and my boot time is 10seconds slower
any ideas?
You can check your backgrounds to see if you got the new ones :)
just get pidgin from their site
im running pidgin from ubuntu 5.10
i have pidgin, that's not the problem.  I'm trying to get OTR to work in pidgin
i need help with setting up compiz fusion on my computer
hey i need help with compiz fusion on a xfce desktop
better ask on #xubuntu
hey people, is there a website with a 'how to basics' for changing themes?, im on that 'appearance' thing but its confusing me
i've found my theme, but duno how to install it
drag and drop works
Hey everyone, I was hoping someone could point me in the way of some documentation or information relating to how the livecd actually boots (and if there is a way to modify that boot screen).  Any information would really be appreciated,
try googling....How live CD works...
okay cool, thanks.  I'll take a look around there.
does this dd if=/dev/cdrom of=/home/brianherman/cdrom_image.iso rip dvds?
no idea, try it yourself :)
its workgin
should a usb disk autodetect in ubuntu or do you have to mount it?
it should auto detect it
it dont:(
when i used mount -t smbfs //192.168.0.1/FTP /mnt/smb/kuba/FTP it need password. who password it is? administrator's on the target machine? its blank. so i type only enter and i got access denied. how can i specify which user should be used for connecting over smb?
did you entered sudo before it?
no
hey newb question: bash: make: command not found ... um
what?
sudo apt-get install build-essentials
how to replace kmenu logo? i have installed kbfx but i even dont know how to use it
how to replace kmenu logo? i have installed kbfx but i even dont know how to use it
you need to change the icon file in /usr/share/$something/icons or create your own theme
ok, next question. is it safe to install automatix or easyubuntu, or should I do the hard yards?
easyubuntu should be safe
installing some packages with apt is not a very 'hard way' :)
osu is slow as balls, its a damn shame i cant use torrents at work
yes
: but I fear that all packages don't have a 64 bits equilavant version ..
Does anyone here know of any good easy to use keyloggers for ubuntu/linux?????
so, i need a logger...
you could write your own... wouldnt be very hard
hi, I am trying to mount an ext hdd via /etc/fstab but it keeps mounting as root, root, how can I make it rw to everyone ?
many thanks
you can add the following to your fstab after the filetype(ext) and the dafaults option 'umask=022' this should allow rw to group root and other
my desktop panel somehow got moved to the right of the screen? How do I bring it back to the top?
just grab and move it
I'm trying but can't do it
Hi. I know this is not the place but I cannot connect to #java. Could anyone help me quickly w/ one line of code?
i got in
maybe #java klined your isp
 is the synaptic package manager the same as the ubuntu one? does it have all the same programs? (nobody answers at lubuntu)
i mean the lubuntu package manager
No, Synaptic is a package manager tool. Ubuntu One is a 'cloud storage' service provided by Canonical.
quick question; is Gutsy supposed to have a splash screen?
!pastebin | barn
he's gone
how  to install rpm package in Ubuntu10.10 Linux such as adobereader8_chs.rpm
you could try to convert it to a deb with alien
but there's a deb for reader, isn't there?
hola, any idea how I can install kde for ubuntu?
I believe 'sudo apt-get install kubuntu-desktop' will work.
You're welcome
i have tried googleing my problem and i found it but cant find a solution :P
whats a kernal panic?
system crash
anyone could give me some help with guraddog? it seems to be blocking my VPN device ham0, how can I tell it to let it pass free?
I haven't used guarddog but firestarter is a good and easy to use GUI for firewall
but I have guarddog and want to keep it..:)
hello
I am going to install ubuntu on virtual machine and I would like to know how to do this
install virtualbox or vmware, download ubuntu ISO, MD5 test ISO, use ISO in vm software
can i have some help please
i need to burn or mount an ISO
this is how to burn an ISO: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/BurningIsoHowto
i have a small question how do i get ubuntu to recognize my ipod through wine/itunes
Have you tried using Amarok?
it picked up my iPod work works a treat :)
actually, 666 is the number of man
learn2bible bitch
stop cursing and stay on topic
using edgy... I have a broadcom nic. I have used fwcutter to get the firmware and am using wl_apsta.0 for the source of the driver but still getting access point invalid even after I run sudo iwconfig ap any
lspci -v reports the network card as a broadcom BCM4309 how ever iwconfig nick is 'broadcom 4306'
broadcom ethernet card? At least their BCM5751M should be supported by ubuntu as is, without need for ndiswrapper
how do i change priveliges in vsftpd so a user can only access its home folder and NOT view the other folders?
How do i change in vsftpd so a user can only access its home folder and NOT view the other folders??? Please help!
this is the ubuntu forum.  maybe they have a man page or a mailing list for technical questions
oh wait... nevermind... the livecd :)
funkmaster:  Well... um... sudo should have done it.  But more likely you got the error because cat doesn't work on a device
hmz i was pretty sure it does...
hey everybody...
 yes?
can you tell me how to make decrypted dvds work in ubuntu?
I Need To update the firefox how can i do that?
firefox gets updated automatically as soon as the latest version hits the repositories
if you're not getting it, you don't have the right repo enabled. See the following:
if I submit a package to be included with ubuntu in the repository which one does it go into?
if it's accepted, it wouldn't be available until Breezy anyway
ahh
heyas. i just installed ubuntu hoary from the CD. and am reading ubuntu guide. after installing, i just updated my sources.list from ubuntuguide website and did apt-get update. but i get an error with the nerim.net entry, what do i do to correct it so the error goes away?
but i'd rather not have it. I know that i need to import the keys probably, but i dunno howto :)
it's pretty slick that's for sure
hey ppl, could any one of you vounlenteer to tell me where could I find a good chat room
danx
#dump ;)
if i make a folder, by doing say mkdir /home/echo $(date '+full-%Y%m%d.%H%M%S').$(($(date +%N)/1000000)) how can i move to that same directory? because if i ran the echo again, it would be different
make the date first a variable and then call that variable
hmm, how? didnt know you could
hi, looking for some help with setting up an irc server inside my network
which ircd
better to ask in their support channel really
ok, i'm out, going to try this.  ubuntu has until the end of the day to impress me or it's back to windows
your gonna need more time than a day
you didnt like windows first time you used it did you?
how can I install an avi decoder in dapper?
how do you rename files in terminal?
mv
how to you rmdir a non empty directory in terminal ?
port -thanks
rm -ri for extra protection
i am trying to do a point to point networking of my ubuntu machine with a microsoft xp, and they cannot get to see each other can anyone help
 i am trying to do a point to point networking of my ubuntu machine with a microsoft xp, and they cannot get to see each other can anyone help
Would you repeat that including the details of the configuration, connections and program being used, please.
i just got chromium on my usb and i need to turn it back because it sucks i think and the loader i used made it in to 2 driver folders so i font know how to reformat it so if anyone has a program or tutorial for that would be greatly appreciated.
p.s. its u3 and im running Ubuntu
Please don't flood, use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste, don't use Enter as punctuation.
but disable the repo when you are done
gpg is not opensource...it is gpl
and there is a big difference
Where can I get a ubuntu sources mirror list?
how might i choose which soundcard to use primarily?
look at the topic
What is the command to use cli to reconfigure xserver and X11 etc ?
please ?
yes `yes`
HI all, I have a TV pci card on my pc with ubuntu and I have installed 'zapping', a package to see the tv by tv card, all work correctly, bui I can see the video but I can't listen the audio, why?
probably your tv card driver recognized the wrong card type, thus causing the audio multiplexer to be programmed with incorrect settings. try card type module parameter or so.
http://rafb.net/paste/results/JPMy1B31.html
how to get gnome starting automaticly on system bootup
no
you 'no'ing me?
I just made the switch from Windows to Ubuntu and am wondering why it seems slow launching new programs. It was deathly slow before I updated my VGA, then a bit better, but I find that every once and a while it stops and freezes for about 1 - 10 seconds. Any ideas?
what are the specs (cpu, ram, graphics card) of the system?
3GB of ram is more than sufficient to run any pre-installed software on ubuntu. the only software requiring more would be audio/video editing software and rendering applications
isn't 11.10 alpha 2 coming out today?
isn't 11.10 alpha 2 coming out today??
1) #ubuntu+1 is the channel for Ubuntu's in-development release 2) The timeline says July 7th for Alpha 2. https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule
hi, I set my date & time to today, current time; but when I come back I find it set to tomorrow, AM although I set to PM
what's wrong?
might it be that your timezones are configured incorrectly on the guest OS?
Is it possible to install an rpm file in ubuntu?
you have to make it a deb than install it
vmware is in ubuntu repos
is there a way to prevent automounting of a partition with a certain lable (ie, don't automount any partitions named 'linux')
is this a partition on your hard drive
no... a partition on a usb drive... it has a data partition, and a partition I will be installing an OS on... I only want the data partition automounted.
redhat.  full stop.
download CentOS and you can learn RHEL that way (CentOS is RHEL with the names filed off)
cp -d
HOW TO COMPILE AND RUN C++ PROGRAM IN UBUNTU
HOW TO COMPILE AND RUN C++ PROGRAM IN UBUNTU
: Try installing build-essential
±\
±\
This is a support channel, please keep offtopic opinions and such in #ubuntu-offtopic
Hi I need help setting up grub2.  I currently have 3 partitions ubuntu - winxp and - win 7
winxp was the last install and it broke grub2
Yuck, that sounds gross
im using firefox and when i maximize the window the firefox screen goes completely black (would this be a compiz issue?)
compiz issue, probably
thanks!
ok can u tell me the terminal command..i see only desktop and example dir
ya i did it
can you give me the guide you currently use ?
hi
since 5 days the ubuntu update doesnt show new updates...i am here on lubuntu 11.10 ...is this a known bug ???
you can use the main source list and try again
hit it with a Goo
a what?
see, World of Goo game
far = jar
marius I thought you were saying the clock was snowing...lol
that to!
why are you trying to gksudo all this ?
he shouldn't have to
not with 'sudo'
how do i know if i run a 386 kernel or 686 ?
can u elaborate jason, i am very green
Do you want to know how to know if you need to run one or the other?
what is xubuntu for again? is that the light-weight distro?
Yes it uses the XCDE
XFCE rather
someone care 2 help me with a fstab config ?
prv if so
fire away...
how install only gnome environment?
sudo apt-get install gnome-desktop
thx
hey guys, is a computer, whose uptime is less than 24 hours, really , can be called a server?
that would depend on what it is employed to do. Does it have a monitor?
i am just asking, I dont really have a server.
back in the good old days - we dident have any fancy automounting thingsd.. :) we did it the old fashioned way!
Wed 27 Feb 2008 08:02:58 AM EST  RRD: Welcome to Round-Robin Databases. (C) 2002-04 by Luca Deri.
welcome to bad channel pasting
test...first time in IRC
pass and welcome
you said test :)
I`d personally just either dd or clonezilla
to clone an ntfs
 That's what I've been doing, but I don't like that I have to clone the entire filesystem, rather than syncing.
popular ubuntu irc client?
lol
E_mE: what do you use for ubuntu irc?
how to start two sessions at the same time? gnome and xfce
:  is that even possible ?
think so, map alt-f7-control for gnome and f8 for xfc
hi, i'm trying to send mail from command-line, i've installed mailx to have 'mail' command, and it seems that it doesn't send e-mails, do i need some kind of smtp server working on the machine or something different to make it works?
i have a feeling mailx is for local mail sending.
i recommend Elmo
j
how can i change the speed HDD 7200-5400?
by replacing it
i believe it requires you to accept an SSL cert from MSN usually it asks you on first connection if you wish to allow it. (http://www.webupd8.org/2010/11/install-pidgin-276-in-ubuntu-with-msn.html) Posted 2days ago so it much be a recent problem
do you mean sandbox of cryengine?
ok
help
lol i meant to type hello but help came out :p
LOL
hi everyone
what's a popular choice for music player in linux?
I use vlc
/usr/bin/totem? or what do you want?
kll
thanks
ugh, where can I get the old images from? and why was it desided to get rid of them entirely rather then simply not have them as default?
you have to install a new package to get those nice guys back
which one?
anyone know any information (where to look) to get an Atheros wifi card working on an Acer One?  I've been trying all kinds of things, with no luck....  Haven't tried NDISWRAPPER yet, cuz I don't know how to, but that might be my only possibility.....
what atheros chipset (lspci)?
my aao 531h 'Ethernet controller: Atheros Communications Inc. AR5001 Wireless Network Adapter (rev 01)'     'Kernel driver in use: ath5k'
!resuib | Omen_20
!sysrq | Omen_20
I had an old averatec laptop that would randomly lock up due to a bug in the wlan module. reisub didn't work.
 hi is there any anti-virus that i can use on ubuntu
 dskdaskads: thank u
 : http://free.grisoft.com/doc/5390/us/frt/0?prd=afl
I have a number of hard drives connected to my computer:  2 IDE (1 on each channel), and 2 on a pci-sata card.  Why is it that the drive order changes?  Sometimes the first PATA drive will show up as sda, and sometimes as sdc, etc.
travm i think its a bug that was introduced back in feisty, or atleast thats when my desktop renamed all the hda to sda
bad example.  My sda and sdb change places, for example.
if i cancel the upgrade, will the downloads i've gotten so far be kept for when i run it again?
its okay u dont have to worry it will continue update again last file
thanks
who know a screen ruler?
try kruler (it's a KDE app but should work under Gnome as well)
: i try, thanks
does anyone know of a 'visual patch' utility? i.e. i've got a patch, and i'd like to see some illustration of what is going to be patched by this patch....
meld baby
apt-cache show meld
does 10.04 work well with dual monitors?
cool, got 9800 GTX+ so i guess there wont be any problem :)
i've got a 7900 dual head.. that also does dual screens well.. no experience w/ the 8 or 9 series though
why i can't parition more than 4 logical?
partition*
- because thats how it is
logmein... do you get paid by Dell to be here?
I want to be paid by dell to be on the support teama
nobody here is paid - anybody who helps does it voluntarily
does anyone else have problems with there wifi?
anyone here using a laptop with a wifi card?
 i have been trying to
Hello.
Can I ask question about software here?
hi, welcome, and you sure can ask questions, that's what this channel is for :)
I want to destroy my root partion before installing gutsy (sudo rm -rf /)... but dont want to touch 2 perticular partions... So I just umount them right?
yes
kewl
anyone know a dreamweaver alternative for ubuntu ?
anyone know a dreamweaver alternative for ubuntu ?
gedit (joke, joke)
You're having problems with grub too right? What version of grub are you running currently? Try 'grub-install -v'
What version of grub are you running currently? Do a 'grub-install -v'
first things first, i need to fix me repositories or i can forget about using ubuntu
would WINE run any .exe program?
k im hoping to run gunZ on it
perhaps not perfectly, but it'll run it.
Any good ida for a simple Java installer for Linux Ubuntu? :)
just use sun's installer
what does java -version say, exactly
is ubuntu going to keep alsa or move to oss anyone know
better to ask on #ubuntu-devel
thanks will do
hi, can anyone help me
hey please anyone help me, I'm new to linux, I have installed ubuntu and in installation process I set only my own account password, but when i'm trying to login as super-user, it asks the password and I don't know it
don't login as super-user
Hi im trying to install Ubuntu could somebody help ?
can i PM you cherwin
anything specific questions? i think pillow is still busy trying to touch himself... :D
Are there any automatic updates currently going out?
i feel like updates are always going out
isp could be doing network audits.
Please can someone tell me what the password is for the ubuntu 'virtual appliance' that you can download from vmware?....I can't install software because I don't have the password
see the vmware Web page
it says the password is vmware....but that doesn't work
i did a 'MAKE' in the madwifi dir and I get this error 'no such file, and build is missing, please set kernelpath.  Stop.  Anyone?
i'm running 5.04
5.04 has reached EOL and is no longer supported. Please upgrade
hello, i have one problem with sound output in ubuntu. The speakers works excellent in  Windows. But in Ubuntu, when i play a song with maximum volume, i cannot hear it whether its playing or not...any idea?
any one>'
have you checked to see what hardware ubuntu is outputting sound to? Right click volume icon -> sound prefs -> hardware
!pastebin
hes using nv right now, you wont get any useful info from that
with the dpkg-reconfigure I mentioned he should get the right config
I'm trying to use remote desktop to access an XP machine on my network. The XP machine is set up properly and the firewall allows remote access. When I use Remote Desktop and put the computer name, username, and password in, I get an error box: unresolved host. What am I doing wrong?
have you tried the IP of the XP machine?
yes, instead of the computers name
yeah, i did the screenshot, but the image is really fuzzy... was hoping to get better detail in trying to print to a graphic
why do people put a graphic in pdf in order to put it on the internet?
you're lucky they didn't put it in a *.ppt file
Hello! I have a intel centrino duo prosessor (T7200 I think), and I was wondering if anyone knew any good undervolting guides? I'd really like to lower my temperatures, so I'd be really thankful for any suggestions! Thanks. :)
Thats not really on-topic for this channel.  ##hardware would be a more appropriate place to ask.
its not out yet
got a minute?
oh ok
nvm then, jonaskoelker is helping out already
How would i return Gnome to its default state?
like Ubuntu Default state
delete ~/.gnome*
actually, there is a package that makes a /usr/bin/tracert
looks like it's an update-alternatives link
oh? well well, welcome alll ye windozers
if i put in a ubuntu 64bit cd in a pc that dont handle 64bit, will it say soo?
:D
Yes, it won't install
Is there a list of 'must have' open source software that someone could link to me?
Gee. Now I see why everyone says Linux users are arrogant jack asses.
no sarcasm here. It's true. A lot of software is included in the Ubuntu installation
what other apps are there to record the destop apart from recordmydesktop
try googling it. :)
I use 'istanbul'
hello, how can I let me users change thier samba passwords, not using commands, maybe web page or sth
if you integrate samba with ldap, you can with webldappasswd
yes, exactly I intergrate with ldap, thank you , I will look for it
How do I play iTunes FairPlay media in Ubuntu?
You could install iTunes via Wine and use that?
video doesn't work :(
How do i enable secondary logon in Ubuntu?
Add user
adduser  #From terminal....
Don't disable root
its disabled by default during install.. you can just do sudo with the administrative user you created no?
yah - just open a root termina as well - once Gnome has started....
Would anyone like to help me get the fglrx driver working with a 9200SE on a Edgy 64bit setup? I tried a bunch of different guides but nothing seems to work. Also been reading on ubuntuforums.org but haven't found anything to help me.
Does ATI even support fglrx on amd64?
They didn't, last time I looked. Which was, admittedly, a long time ago.
can i install 64bit hardy over my 32bit hardy?
what do u want to replace, everything but /home?
no, i wonder if i can install over my current install or if i need to do a complete reinstall
hey does sombody know if thinkfinger works in kde4?
thinkfinger in kde? in ubuntu 7.10?
I can't see any reason why it wouldn't work
then buy some more RAM
what's the difference in resources used, xubuntu vs. (k)ubuntu?
big
how do I keep my screen from going blank when the computer is idle?
go to power management
go to terminal and type gnome-power-preferences. the rest is self explaining
guys. is there a link on net to show how to configure networking for my network. I couldnt set it up when I was doing install, so choose configure later.
check out /etc/network/interfaces
https://help.ubuntu.com/6.06/ubuntu/serverguide/C/networking.html
i have a bash question . if anyone here can help
worth trying ##bash ?
sorry, #bash
is it possible to take a 'snapshot' of how the windows are arranged in Ubuntu so that they can be saved and re-opened in the same order when wanted?
the same order and position, size etc..
please fill out that suggestion at http://brainstorm.ubuntu.com (refer to gdm as the package to do that)
So does anyone knwo what's up with the nvidia hwcursor distortion?
it's like the old 3dfx laptop cards with the bitblip text problem :)
exciting.  sounds fun.  i haven't a clue, sorry.
system>admin>hardware drivers....this will auto search for all missing drivers after a new install?
and can i use the software center to install that codex package or should I learn command line from the get go   re: sudo apt-get install ubuntu-restricted-extras
you could use either.
!info incron | Hilikus
merci
not sure if that's what you're looking for, but something based on inotify should be perfect for that task
andyr, did you check in volume control that it's not muted
yes
used alsamixer put all on max still nothing
thank you ubottu, but that link is to repair the grub, I need to set automatic boot. This isn't my computer and the client will not like having to select the right one every time.
ubottu is a bot
what is the current state and what u want to change it to ?
Where can I download the beta editions of 11.04 if thats even possible? (I want to update my 10.10 to it)
if you can't figure out where to get it, it's best not to update
disucssion on 11.04 is in #ubuntu+1
I have smb installed.... it's not showing up in the shared folder settings window.
god why is gnome/ubuntu so difficult?
difficult? :D
lol don't know how, but my numeric keyboard is moving the mouse pointer...
does anyone knows how to disable it?
go to the menu / preferences / assistive technology
anybody know how to set up a dns server?
whats the console command to enter one?
yes, but it'll cost you US$150 per hour
will mate desktop be in the ubuntu repos anytime soon? if not, will installing it manually or from ppa make my computer explode and kill kittens?
 better ask in #ubuntu+1
 yes
I am having problems getting breezy to install. While 'Installing the Base System', it says it cannot find a kernel in the apt-sources. Could anyone help me with this?
get the iso by torrent. it should be lightning fast, and like lightning your install goes too
in general, it's good to have a backup cd..at least
Where are the xtightvncviewer logs located
Where are the xtightvncviewer logs located
Checked the documentation?
I am going to try ubuntu-bugs right now
However I think that several package were auto-ported from Debian so I do not know
then the packagers in ubuntu should be able to transfer to upstream
hey guys, is there a way to update a single package in ubuntu?
if i want to update openssl and openvpn only
aptitude install packagename
anyone got netflix to work on linux?
yes some people did
/knows/ it. Good. ;-)
the site says that the x series ati cards can work but i cant even install the card into my pc
without ubuntu freaking out
what kind of card are you trying to install?
why is there no xorg.conf manpage in dapper? (or which package have I failed to install?)
does anyone using dapper have an xorg.conf(5) man page?
see topic
I just got a new laptop and it came with Windows 7 Premium, no discs of course. Does Grub2 handle Windows 7 gracefully or will I cause a problem installing Ubuntu second?
It'll work nicely together.
kruzztee: Thanks. I just had bad memories from when I tried with Vista and had to try some weird windows tool that always seemed to mess everything up and make me start over.
Is CPUZ available for linux???  Or is there an application I can install to get the processor Model# ?
cat /proc/cpuinfo
open a terminal, and type: cat /proc/cpuinfo
 /msg nickserv identify triton01
OOPS
time for new pw
is this with jaunty?
no, hardy
if it's a vps, you should be able to clone it, upgrade and see what happens, and fall back to the original if need be
!evil|danny_
? whats evil ?
sorry didn't know the /irc trigger
What does the x permission mean to a text file?
I have a text file that has got rw but not the rwx as permissions. What does x mean to a text file?
a script is basically a text file. the x just makes it executable. if there is no command to execute nothing will happen
If it uses activeX you may need to use IE4linux
If you want the firmware on Feisty just install bcm43xx-fwcutter and it will get it for you automatically
That or just run sudo modprobe bcm43xx
firestorms: I think so
How do you change the default microphone in Xubuntu?
which audio system
ls: reading directory .: Input/output error
Where can i see how and why my usb disk crashed?
/var/crash/ mabey
who cares?!'?!?!?
?!
do us a favour and explore puberty somewhere else, please.
 no idea..if i want it i install it.
!find dos2unix
I do the same ;)
can anyone recommend me a text editor with side-by-side comparison of two text documents?
vim/gvim can do that .. but check the diff utility too.   diff -y file1 file2 | less
thx for this info, I'll check it out
!root | untung
do i need to type !root?
Just follow the link that ubotu gave you.
hmm are there are ubuntu expert some can help me to open port 22 on my server?
no ports are blocked by default. you just need a service to listen on the port. i presume you need ssh since you said 22? sudo apt-get install openssh-server
what do you mean public ip versus local ip? are you behind a NAT-based router?
can you recommend an app that I can use to backup my ubuntu computer? something like ghost
partimage which is available in the repos and as a live cd called Rescue CD
thanks
Hello everyone. Could someone look at this and tell me what might be going on? I am lost and would really be grateful for your help: http://pastebin.com/d5d286536
 what is the link about ?
 you are welcome
Hello! Can I connect a printer to an alice wlan modem and access it from the other computers? In other words - do wlan modems work as routers?
##hardware is your friend
ok
Hi I'm new to Ununtu and linux in general and I'm looking for some help in identifying some processes that seem to be hogging my CPU and Network bandwidth
what are they?
I'm not sure thats the problem :(
friends i am a new user to ubuntu i need help on a sound issue i am facing with my sony vaio laptop
guys any help on my issue it would be great if anyone could help me with it.
have you checked your drivers area in the linux menus>
has anyone had luck with the xserver-xorg-input-synaptics touchpad driver?
i've used synaptics to just disable my touchpad.. i guess youc ould say thats luck..lol
the psmouse driver is buggy - shuts off 'double-tap-and-hold to drag' very frequently - i heard the synaptics driver fixes this
i have 3 hard drives and i am trying to create just one giant one with ubuntu on new install.  Can someone please help me?
do you have software RAID (in your BIOS but not on a separate board) ?
maybe you can find a driver. Did you search for it? (chipset vendor and / or card manufacturer)
bah what do you want etch?
what do you expect Ian Murdock has interests in Progeny
he was talking about Debian proper and compatability with Ubuntu
well
system need vga drivers .but i donot get ,how to get,who can tell me ?
Try using jockey-gtk.
is 6.10 'Feisty'?
no 6.10 is edgy, feisty is 7.,04
 I don'T think it would work
how do find out which package provides libstdc++.so.5?
apt-file search libstdc++.so.5
if apt-file isn't yet installed, then do this first:  sudo apt-get install apt-file && sudo apt-file update
dude why are you saying, 'Hello, good night'
No hablo en español.
its a carribbean thing
HI all UBuntu Users
I,m new to Ubuntu....finally succeeded in installing Ubuntu on my laptop afetr trying other distros but my sound card is not workin.....'
what kind of sound card?
what could be the problem if fglrx drivers only work after booting
windows before linux?
i see similar problems with my soundcard on occasion, and i think LjL's guess about card initialisation is near the mark
hey
how do i remove a user again ?
sudo deluser username
is it possible to upgrade ubuntu to .. ubuntu studio ?
how so please.
try 'sudo apt-get install ubuntustudio-desktop', it will install anything what is in ubuntu-studio
i am trying to put linux in my ipod
how do i do that?
Google it
I'm trying to install java, using ubuntuguide.org
but when I write: sudo ln -s /usr/java/jre1.5.0_01/bin/java /usr/bin/java this comes out: ln: '/usr/bin/java': File does not exist
Method 2 is the best: http://www.ubuntulinux.org/wiki/Java
it always was this way
right now i'm pissed because my console in 640x480, 80x25
please calm down
Anyone know an extremely powerful, free FTP client?
there are many filezilla
I do not like filezilla, it gets disconnected from server, and I have to reconnect and navigate again to the remote folder
Question: how can I save a file with different file type in gedit editor (e.g. myFile.txt to myFile.html)?
what is happening when you try?
Are you still there?
How can I completely uninstall HPLIP? I've removed all hplip* packets from Synaptic, uninstalled compiled driver hplip-1.6.7 and  dpkg --list 'hplip*' still says that rc  hplip  0.9.7-4ubuntu1 is installed. Maybe now there's someone who knows how to get rid of it :)
jest use aptitude
ok thanx, I'll try that
i have a dell with ATI RADEON X1400 graphics card and using the 7.04 liveCD, and i get X-server failed. Any solutions?????
use the alternate installer, which is text-based, then install fglrx.
download it.
Is it adviceful to install the graphics driver from the Intel homepage?
nope
the intel driver is already in xorg
hi!
was wondering if there is any 3d mmo i could play?
get WoW working with playonlinux
I have a folder containing SVG and PNG files that crashes nautilus everytime i try to open it
How do i change a file name from bash?
mv filename newfilename
hi guys, I have a question. I'm trying to create a new folder in my system and its showing greyed, how can I create a folder?
mkdir <name>
whats the rror?
what advantages do blackbox & fluxbox have?
they are much simpler and on slower machines with less memory they run MUCH faster, and they don't bloat the sysytem with extra programs, jsut simple access to things like the internet and terminals
gnome is nice because it is sort of a middle ground, not too bloated but still easy to use
i believe its on ubuntuguide.org
http://ubuntuguide.org/#showdesktopicons
 thanks very much
anyone from London?
anyone from London?
 no..  happy now?
what's a good antivirus program to use in 12.04?
You don't need antivirus software in linux thus there isn't any good antivirus program
Yes basically.  Although this conversation is controversial
do you have awn installed?
do you have avant window navigator (AWN dock) installed?
no
hey all, anyone know other workspace switching hot-keys beyond  Ctrl-Alt-<Arrow> ?
iirc/guessing but the numbers also work right? e.g. ctrl-alt-1
 not the numbers don't work
Hi everyone
please i need your help
hello
Is there any info on PDA's (PalmOne) Zire72 for 8.04 (Hardy)?
check out System-Preferences-Removable Drives and Media-PDAs
- thanks much will check that out
The original Pentium (including Pentium MMX) is i586.
Pentium Pro, and everything newer that's still 32-bit intel, is i686.
ty :-)
can ubuntu-11.04-desktop-amd64.iso be booted on a core i3 processor? or should i use the ubuntu-11.04-desktop-i386.iso image?
 both are fine ~ 64 if you have >4G ram
 what if I have exactly 4gb of ram?
Jalal> which FS is your flopppy formatted in ?
I dont' really know what you mean but i took the floopy out of the case, plugged it into my win xp machine, put some files on it, tryin to read them in linux
that gave me a list of flags i can use, but i have no idea what to do
hi guys
i need to update my feisty kubuntu to gibbon..how i can do it
update-manager -c -d
anyone know why i cant get my desktop running hardy heron to connect thru a wired connection behind a linkdsys wrt54gs router?
i cant ping any external IPs
did you break your ping-pong ball?
Hey, does anyone ever encountered a problem with itunes music libraries and reading the music files on ubuntu??
I have all my music files, not boughten from itunes, in my partition E:/music/ but when I go look into the music folder while on ubuntu it is empty.
you won't be able to use your iTunes music in ubuntu because apple doesn't support linux
http://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/Guidelines throws an ugly error btw...
fix your DNS
terminal host wiki.ubuntu.com
the firefox plugins dir is /usr/lib/mozilla/plugins ?
there are a few
goto edit > prefernces
ah, so ls -A does not ignore files with dots just foldes
i wonder about symlinks,
arghh2d2 the files starting with . are hidden files
join #ubuntu
we are in #ubuntu..
you said join #ubuntu
what rate are you guys downloading from apt-get sites?
are those slwo on weekends?
depends on your connection doesn't it.
anyone : i get this error when using wine, please help.  http://pastebin.org/22960
cd into the directory that contains the mirc exe
: i did, still doesnt work
Hi guys.. on my VM, ifconfig shows the adapters with the correct ips but i cant connect to it, or ping external addresses
it is configured as a NAT in virtualbox
try #vbox
try #ubuntu-devel
thanks.
no problem
GUYS
I'm in kde, I need to know how to get into my su when I'm not in the terminal.
DUDE! you're asking Kubuntu questions on the Ubuntu channel. try #kubuntu
OK folks, I jumped into the deep water and tried to put UBUNTU on my Acer AOA-150.  I can't get it to boot from my hard drive.  I afraid I don't know too much about computers and would appreciate some help from someone.  Thanks
try in it without any hasitation
what ?
hello
who in this chanel replaced their windows OS with ubuntu?
I have
how I can create new folder in console
?
mkdir
derek[] : apt-get install package && package
no, that doesn't work :)
apt-get install <package> <package>
i'll try gimp
Gimp comes on ubuntu origianally right?
In Ubuntu 9.10 and earlier, yes.
hi, when i try  to upgrade from 8.10 to 10.04 the update manager is showing that new version release 9.04 available.
is there a way to upgrade directly?
i doubt you can upgrade stright from 8.10 to 10.04
 
How do I install icq ?????
 use one of the many instant messenger tools that can do ICQ
Gnome Network Manager doesn't use /etc/network/interfaces ...
i don't use network manager, it's crap. i only use the interfaces file
right, but the person you're trying to help *does* use it
!register | ominor
ahaa
/join #freenode
Why would my authentication be rejected ???
I have a problem I continously get 'None of the authentication protocols specified are supported and host-based authentication failed' when I try to edit my xorg.conf
Are you sure you are authentic enough?
any idea why I get this error http://pastebin.com/yYFDstmn when running 'X -configure' or what I can do to avoid it?
did you turn X off?
sudo service gdm stop or killall X
!jaunty | rakudave
?
sorry... my mistake
10.04.4 can't add app to list in right click (on folder) 'open with' menu.  Anyone know of a fix for this?  I can't find one myself.
10.04.4 can't add app to list in right click (on folder) 'open with' menu.  Anyone know of a fix for this?  I can't find one myself.
um, nautilus' main purpose is to open folders?  Do you want to use a different filemanager to open the folders?
What does it mean when apt-get complains 'E: redhat-cluster-suite: ...'?  Does it mean I'm installing a package meant for redhat?!
no, the redhat-cluster-suite is a meta package for a bunch of kernel modules iirc
thank you!
Hey guys, I'm having a difficult time with Clonezilla.  Does anyone know of a 'how-to' for making a raw disk image of a Ubuntu 12.04LTS Server from the command line?  I also should note that I do not have access to attach an ISO to the system so this must be run from the active server itself..
you can use dd to make an image
it won't be compressed
Can I make the machine start up and log in to a user without using a password? You know for a newbie who doesn't know what security is.
thank you sgeo
that might be an option in gdmsetup try sudo gdmsetup
i have a program in windows that i want to use in ubuntu what should i do
install/configure wine
I recommend using the synaptic program in your menu to install packages, it's self-explanatory and user friendly.
Hello :) I'd like to replace occurrences of text in a m3u file, for example i:\music\ with /dev/hdb2/music ... what command to use and can I create a script ? like a .BAT but for linux, is it a bash file ?
use a sh 'shell script' file
start the script with the line '#/bin/sh', without the single quotes, and then put the exact commands that you want to run after that. Works just like a BAT, pretty much.
Hi, I made a symbolic link for a file, but when I do ls -l it doesnt show it as a symbolic link. Is there another way to see the symbolic link?
What was the command you issued to create the symlink?
What was the command you issued to create the symlink?
ubottu
dove devo scrivere?
scrivere nella stessa linea dove si è digitato la tua domanda
is the forum down or, is it just me not being able to log in/
?
I can't get to it either
Can anyone tell me what is the minimum space required to install ubuntu ?
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Installation/SystemRequirements
make note of the use of Alternate or Desktop CD in each case
Hey guys is gnome better than kde?
Why do people use kde if gnome is so much better?
it's all about choice
tanks
Yep, AppArmor is.
# apparmor_status
im trying to use hdparm but i keep getting /dev/hda: No such file or directory, am i missing something?
how do i see partition number?
df -h
hello guys
Can somebody help me with Apache httpd.conf ?
/join #apache
i want to copy my dvd to my linux with iso file ? How can i do it ?
can you please rephrase your question I am not sure I understand
like soundray said use a program like k3b
how to get back to the old kernel?
2.6.17-10-generic <-- i have no 3d acceleration
must be in /boot and menu.lst too
guys what is the equivalent of '$ tar -xzvf linux-2.6.17.8.tar.gz ' for the file linux-2.6.17.bz2
You need to use bzip to decompress it first
bzip2 -d linux-2.6.17.bz2
ola
alguien por ahi  ?
no habla espanol
i picked up an old compaq deskpro pc and have put hoary on it, alsa doesnt seem to reccognise the inbuild sound card, how can i find out what it is and load a driver for it?
ive been looking in /proc a big and it doesnt seem to be usb or pci based
it may be isa if its old enough
I love using Google translate ...
Who plays Minecraft?
i host a minecraft server, why
Hey Ubuntu-ers.  I've got a problem with my netbook's speakers when I use Jolicloud (based on Ubuntu 10.04), but I'll wait a few minutes for your help so I can contribute to the current conversation.
We don't support Jolicloud here, nor any derivatives as a matter of fact.
No, we can't help with problems that are not on one of the official Ubuntu derivatives. Given that Jolicloud uses an entire different KERNEL, as a matter of fact, and that's a huge difference, we can have no idea how stuff works with it
Does anyone know how I can get more than one command listed in the menu when you right click a file in nautilus? As opposed to being under the 'Open With' submenu.
install the package 'nautilus actions': sudo apt-get install nautilus-actions
ty ill take a look at that
how can I telnet over tor? what command would I use?
maybe you want ssh
nah I use ssh for other stuff
HI! I want to run a script in my home dir before X starts. Where should the script be placed? Inside the .config file? Help please.
you want to run it before x starts? as in before gdm?
call the script from /etc/rc.local or just put the commands in there
hello, can someone recommend me on good remote control software for ubuntu system ?
(on graphic mode)
try searching for remote in synaptic
i dont know how to use the md5sum
in windows
ask in ##windows
sup
what to people think of the Gnome 3 interface?
better than the Ubiquity interface but I miss gnome2 a lot
of the first special device*
Here, we will assume first hard disk
okay :)
Hello all.
Everyone enjoying Fesity yet?
no :(
hi, i've setup ubuntu 9.04 server and can ping to the internet, give dhcp to clients, but clients can't connect to internet, ufw is allow all... where can i check what's wrong?
does dhcp pass default gateway?
how do i check that?
is there any method i could search like this in ubuntu? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P75U8biPD-g , real time indexing, something that i could find a file almost instantly in 3000gb of files, that updates the filenames database automatically?
well there's the locate command...
i think updatedb is only set to run like once a week, but you can set it to run more often
does any1 have any netbook??? like aspire one??? i'd like to know if it can run inkscape easiely
i have an eeepc and other than a small kb works the same
but i don't use inkscape
/dcc send -passive MTecknology /home/amir/Pictures/backgrounds/ws_Black_Floor_1280x800.jpg
haha
didn't actually send ??
damnit I cant figure out how to get my graphics card working
I wish someone could walk me through it I'm new at ubuntu
did you try envy?
arti: are you from india
arti: arti is an indian name so i thought u were indian
please keep to the topic
 looks like that line might work,  maybe simplify it and see what happens.  if --to-destination is lo or 127.0.0.1 I'm not sure that will work.  my simple example $IPTABLES -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp  -j DNAT --to-destination 192.168.2.250
the from destination are local - i.e. I'm running a browser on my desktop, and also squid on the desktop.  I want all packets that any process tries to send to port 80 to go via squid
sometimes I think too much,  I can try 10 posible idea's and maybe find a solution in 5 minits or think about 20 or more posible solutions but try none of them for 2 hours.  some times trial and error beats thinking
Can help me figure out why I can't install a boot loader from the Ubuntu installation CD
Can anyone I meant to say
Neither grub NOR lilo work?
Hey I need to create an instruction manual for installing some shower doors, and I am looking for a very basic 3d drawing program where I can draw the parts and illustrate them into steps
suggestions?
google sketch
I installed thunderbird - but it got me an old copy, 3.16, so I went to the thunderbird site and collected the .bz - how do I upgrade
That ppa above will get you the latest Thunderbird
ty - will grab it
pidgin under gutsy have lost the icon in the notification bar ?
checked in #ubuntu+1 ? that's where the gutsy guys hang out =)
thanks :)
Can you save a document made with a windows program using Wine.
nonlinear, are you talking to me?
nope, why?
I have a weird problem with my thinpad d510 (with 11.04 64bit) and trendet tew-691 wireless router.. I can connect to the wifi (unecrypted), but i can't seem to get internet connection which is weird since it works in windows and in ubuntu when I connect to other wifis. So is it a driver problem or something with my router?
try changing the security on your router from wpa to wep, yes its a driver issue..
you might get 'worse' security but at least you will have internet
http://www.ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=9850
Best way I found to get MPlayer up and running under Ubuntu...
thansk
hello
I've installed ubuntu last mounth but i've a problem can i ask here?
ask away
Is /tmp purged on reboot?
yes
ok thanks
!es
!dontzap
how similar is the effect?
im booting up windows in a virtualmachine to get at the files
no need mate, there is a script that will do it for you, gimme a sec
dont tell me, tell dirtyhand
fdisk is dangerous
it's in a VM who cares
true, if it's a virtual disk
hey all i am having a tough time with xconf
can someone help me out
 just ask, dont ask for help!
teusday: I first ran Linux when I was 12. didn't really like Debian, though. now here I am 4 years later running Ubuntu, based on debian
bigfoot: next, be thankful that you didn't cheap out on your computer and leave out the floppy drive.
 what are you talking about?
so much reading
about
it's amazing, don't you think?
Is anyone here familiar with Firestarter ?
ask your question
i responded in #firestarter
i got a question about apache2 but im on hardy do i ask that in here or #ubuntu+1?
either #ubuntu+1 or #apache, depending on the question.
that would best fit in #apache (software-specific rather than OS-specific)
hello...Disk Usage Analyzer says that /var/cache/ takes 1.5GB of which /var/cache/apt takes 1.4GB... what is this space used for and can i free it (because my root filesystem is getting tight (300mb)
a better way to sanitize your system is use `sudo apt-get clean`
exactly what it sounds like, it's a local 'cache' for recently downloaded pre-compiled system binaries
Is there a specific Ubuntu Server room here?
#ubuntu-server, but you can ask here too
thank you
Anyone knows why downloading torrents at total speed of 200 KiB/s totaly blocks my 10 MB connection ?
I can't do nothing else
because your upload rate is snuffing it out?
will this channel morph into lucid support next week?
and where will karmic support be? #ubuntu-1?
 it will be here also.
hey, did the issue with rt2860 cards connecting to wpa2 networks in 9.04 ever get fixed?
serious show-stopper for me running 9.04
Read the changelog?
stupid question, how I do start and stop services?
I want to stop gdm, kill xwindows, but leave me with a console...
<ctrl><alt><f2> and up to f6 will get you a console
no cursing
!fr | pascalou
sorry
please help me
le forum francais c'est ou
#ubuntu-fr ?
I'm getting sound but no video with totem playing an mpg, any suggestions?
how many mpgs are there that I wouldn't need that for?
patents
hiya
how do I determine what my kernel version is?
uname -a
anyone with any idea why ubuntu is so sloww?
IcemalV9: top?
Its not, its very fast
is there another irc channel for Apache?
that anyone knows of?
#apache ?
please could someone tell me how to disable IPv6 without pointing me to a web page???
you have to be willing to read
sorry, assumed you were using another box
initscripts are executed using dash, your users shell is mostlikely bash
that could be whats different
Seems the $HOSTNAME var is empty.
hello, where can I find plugins that can read dvd movies
tanks
search for easyubuntu if that dosent work
(xterm is ugly)
I think he was just new to freenode
yeah, i just invited him
shit, at least I can speak fucking english and no one will help me
watch the language
drivers? are those windows drivers? did you check system administration hardware drivers?
LOL amd iso for 64bit... I don't think so... Does ubuntu have an intel 64 bit iso?
same difference. amd64 works for any 64bit arch
I'll take your word for it but the instruction set isn't 100% compatible between AMD and Intel... and I'll be losing some Intel specific features.
nautilus in 9.04 segmentation faults when I press both my right and left mouse buttons at the same time while the mouse cursor is pointing to a folder.
How to reproduce a crash in nautilus: move the mouse above a folder, hold down the left mouse button, then press and release the right mouse button while holding down the left, then release the left mouse button. Nautilus will crash.
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ would be the best place.
does anyone know if there are yahoo messenger clients that works with ubuntu?
gaim? is that available in package manager?
for sure
How can I change locales in Dapper? dpkg-reconfigure locales, like in Debian, doesn't work
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=7331
Yeah, but what can I do to force Ubuntu to generate ISO8859 locales in the first place? It only generates UTF-8
Do that again I eat the chan ops
juanty spin
read and follow our guidelines.
hi guys, could you please remind me how to disable ipv6 from dapper? i would check the web but i cant access web pages! thanks!!!
:  gksudo gedit /etc/modprobe.d/bad_list , Add this line:  alias net-pf-10 off
: You must reboot for changes to take effect., then  ip a | grep inet6 , you should get no output
Hi
I'm not familiar with the nc command (netcat) however I have a situation where I run the following command in a bash script 'netcat -l -p 8000 -e /usr/local/src/process_nc.sh'. It use to work fine but noticed that -e is no longer available in Ubuntu.
What is -e supposed to to?
ok, when I restart my pc kubuntu restarted in tty1 and X server is already running but when I try to switch over to KDE with ctrl-alt-f7 nothing is showing :/
anyone know what I need to do to get back to KDE?
How have you got out of it?
hey, what version of firefox is included with ubuntu 5.04?
1.0.2
thanks, DracosX ubnuser
I started empathy... now I can't get rid of the icon out of the systray.. even after a reset.. how do I get rid if of it?
new computer?
yes... just installed 10.4 a few days ago.
im trying to move multipule files into folders. with the mv command i get 'folder is not empty' how can i add these files to the directory without trying to replace it
whats the syntax u r using for this move command
nm
no, it doesn't (for what it's worth, a quick google search might show this)
you've strayed solidly into google territory
utc vs gmt comes up with the answer. I'd link you, but I don't have copy and paste here
Hi all, where can I get information about servers? I'd like to set one up, but would also like to discuss pro's and con's of an own physical server to a remotely hosted one, costs and needs, etc.
Check out #ubuntu-server
thank you very much
I had Azureus, running on my NAS, was using AzSMRC to connect to it and it was nice, but moved to Ubuntu on my main platform and AzSMRC doesn't want to play nice, so I'm just thinking of moving to something else, plus Azureus eats up a lot of mem.
I know, but isn't every torrent client eatin up a lot of mem ? So do you have any other suggestions ?
find the window, that shows up on ubuntu when you download a torrent just innoing ...
How do we traceroute in ubuntu?
Does seem to be installed
tracepath
Hello, I install Ubuntu 8.04 and to boot i have 2 options: Ubuntu 8.04 - 2.6.24 - 17 Generic  or  Ubuntu 8.4 - 2.6.24 - 16 Generic... what is the difference?
they're different kernel versions, you want the one that ends in 17
you can remove the other one, but be CAREFUL, you can mess stuff up
could i get some quick help with a bash script? I'm a real noob :P Could we take it through PMs? anyone up for it?^^
thanks Pici :)
also good free bash ebooks and such out there,  I could link you to something soon
lol
i can paste the whole linux 2.615 krnl src if u like
try
what are some good mp3 plays simular to itunes in how they organize music (pls no rythmbox)
DGMurdockIII> what would you have it based off of? lol
try banshee
Hey... I'm using some kind of alternate installer for Ubuntu, and I get the following error: 'kernel    c:\boot\linux vga=normal ramdisk=14972 root=/dev/rd/0 rw --' then on the next line: 'error 1: Filename must be either an absolute pathname or blocklist'. How do I give an absolute pathname if not like that?
Uh, well, sort of, I think it's going through DOS
you need to burn the install CD and boot from it
I recently installed 10.10 and am a newbie. It's asking me for root access but I was never asked to set this up during the install. Can anyone tell me how to do this?
The password for your admin/root permissions will be your own user password
Ubuntu doesn't have a password set for the 'root' user by default, instead, the first user creater is added to the sudo group which gives access to any admin permissions needed, so any time you're asked to authenticate/or for a sudo password, just use your own password
i'm looking for the libdvdcss library, but it seems not to be in the ubuntu repositories and i had found some ways to install it in google, can some body recomend on solution =P
ftp://ftp.nerim.net/debian-marillat/pool/main/libd/libdvdcss/libdvdcss2_1.2.8-0.0_i386.deb   this one works for me
thanks..
for this partition it says 'Cluster accounting (numbers, etc) extra cluster in $Bitmap' What does this mean?
in gparted
boot into windows and run chkdsk /f
hi... is nautilus crashing for anyone else when rightclicking the computer icon on the desktop and choosing properties?
dapper?
yep
technically, it's usually DASH, but yes
its dash on recent ubuntus if you only specify sh, if you specify bash in your shebang, its still bash.
i realize that
than*
sudo = the mother may I command.  example:  make me a sandwich.  NO!  sudo make me a sandwich.  OKAY.
hehe, yepp :D
Whats the best IRC clinet for Ubuntu?????//
gaim
GAIM didnt work for me
why carn't won't no one try help me?
whith what?
oh... nevermind. I was hoping it was something I knew
What is the command for the 'Cube' for my desktop?
what do you mean? do you have compiz installed?
make sure you have the package compizconfig-settings-manager installed
I've gotten farther along on my bind config.  Now I get an error with named-checkzone 'zone moultonlumber.com/IN: has no NS records'  What typically causes that?
Any BIND gurus in here?
did you try #bind?
zeeble
i dunno how to pm in this client?
type /msg nickname
whats the problem with rhythmbox, i cant listen my music with it, only with XMMS,...????
im in gutsy
see ubuntuguide.org for mp3 info
Hello everyone.
I am experiencing weird problem with Xorg or nVidia (not sure). I dist-upgraded my Hoary two hours ago and I tried to restart X server. It failed, the log said the nVidia module doesn't fit to the installed kernel.
try this after exiting the x-server: sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
heh, people actually think that the only advantage to 64-bit procs is increased memory address space?  lol.  btw, is there a 64-bit linux flash plugin? :-)
no.
bummer.
I think so wookienz
There must be a problem on the internet backbone somewhere
under the desktop menu System / Administration / Software Sources      where do you download from: main server?
how do i stop and close x-windows kde ? its too slow on my system, and want to run cmd mode only
sudo invoke-rc.d stop kdm
bah, sorry - flip it around: kdm stop
what software you are using to burn imagr?
Which os?
Try using Brasero?
hello all.  i am installing 9.10 for first time.  would it run fine on one partition?
Yes, but it will use or take two partitions, /home and /swap, depends on the install, but yes, it takes one part.
I read that same article, I think, Swap on drive is great for Intense workloads, but is oft times seen as overkill and can be reduced, but I agree with the Default Install.
Any one here worked with dell getting ubuntu onto their laptops?
they are starting to sell laptops with ubuntu starting in about 2 hours though :)
but yet I don' own a laptop so I can't help you really
glebihan please realize that all illegal activities are offtopic in this channel
please follow the links ubottu gave you, using ppa's is explained there
you use the name as specified in the launchpad page for that ppa, just under 'Adding this ppa to your system'
win7 > linux
mac > linux
stop that
hey guys, how do i add full root control to a user?  so far i've aded <username ALl=(ALL) ALL in /etc/sudoers but im still not granted full access
@ default account you just need type 'sudo bash'
i actuallyneed to be using the new user account to install the files
Hi
Is it possible to install a maverick package on lucid ? I'd like to install redmine 1.0 which is not available for lucid and i'd like to keep it installed through a package
no, but you can compile using checkinstall so it is installed as .deb
you could write a kernel that just boots up and says hello world
do you think his program will boot? ;d
no :)
Hi, I just deleted my Ubuntu partition in Vista, and now when i restarted my computer I got a GRUB Error 17, I just wanna get back to my Vista. How do i fix this?
uhh... how do I do that? :S
XP or Vista/7?
forcing dpkg is a very very quick way to break your installation
what is the error when you try to dpkg -i  it?
you're right. but doesn't seem that risky and it's way easier than fixing the metadata inside the package :-)
Can someone please help me get WIFI WORKING!
sorry i didn't see it remote
try it locally
Hi All. I'm using Ubuntu 6.06 server to run a webserver - have Webmin installed but for certain functions it needs Java.  Which Java packe is best for a server environment with no GUI?
Hi All. I'm using Ubuntu 6.06 server to run a webserver - have Webmin installed but for certain functions it needs Java.  Which Java packe is best for a server environment with no GUI?  Does the server have to have Java installed or is it my current install which is wrong?
try a sun version latest is 1.6 which fixes a few problems in 1.5
please moderate your language
please attempt to understand my frustration.
no - Moderate your language
hi, I need to get beryl and emerald to load automatically.
they work if I type beryl in the console.
System-->preferences-->session-->startup programs-->add-->command 'beryl-manger'
Hai. can anyone help me? I've been outta the Ubuntu loop for a while, has anything significant happened since the development of 6.06?
6.10 happened.
that's it?
sudo aptitude reinstall cups
no success
it reinstalls but the problem persists
!fstab
can i use /msg to have ubotu tell me things?
 sure -- use him/it the same way you would in here via pm -- but i prefer to use - /query ubotu
If you need pre-fab commands
(or are lazy and want them!)
ok
hi guys, can anyone tell me how to setup filetype associations on my desktop.. for some reason I can no longer open pdf documents - if I click one kate trys to open them.... thanks.
sorry - using kde...
Right click the pdf -> open with -> add -> 'Document Viewer'
where in ubuntu (11.04 GNOME+UNITY) is the onscreen keyboard
what tablet are you using
asus eee slate
I prefer kde, but I do like the way nautilus sets pictures on the desktop as their own icons..
and having little previews of text files as icons for those files is useful too
if you turn it on, konqueror does that
If you alter /etc/apt/sources.list do i have to update anything or just reboot?
just apt-get update
cheers
What do I need to install to get X working?
currently I ahve no X setup on my ubnutu box.
the smallest meta-package you can install for X is, I think, xubuntu-desktop
anyone having java working with firefox?
yes
http://ubuntuguide.org/index.html
!raid | elvis123
!sound | jjulian_
i tried nearly all of that
will my skype still work in breezy? It depends on a certain librarys which now are compiled with gcc4. But I guess skype is compiled with gcc3. So will this still work. Can a gcc3 app run with a gcc4 lib?
you can use both gcc3 & gcc4 in breezy
the default use would of course be gcc4 while gcc3 is there for legacy support
I  have a problem with Ubuntu Netbook Remix. I have switched to Classice desktop mode but I can't right click on the esktop and create new folders or anything and noe of my icons show up on the desktop. Anyone know the fix?
do you have nautilus installed?
usser thanks. So Nautalis doesnt run at startup eh
how to remove installed app from PPA ?
do sudo apt-get remove <appname>
i installed it from ppa its not official
hey you around?
hey can u help me tweak soemthign in beryl?
#ubuntu-effects
Excuseme someone know if is possible mount a net between linux(9.10)-windows (windows7)  ?
for file sharing
samba
i'm on 12.10, and my sound, which was previously working fine, has gone missing ... can someone please suggest a way to fix it?
have you checked your settings in the Sound settings? Got the correct default device etc. ?
I'm on xubuntu
what do you use to run a virtual enviroment?
VirtualBox?
yea
?????????
שלום
Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.
i'm not using xmms
just tring to get alsaplayer working for starters
yep :) it was 30 last night... hot shower in the morning never felt so good
Hey guys.. I landed up in big problem. I just wanted to check the resolution 832x624 which my monitor doesn't support. but when its taken effect. mistakenly my frnd pressed esc key. now its running in with that resolution, and i can't see anything on monitor. pls.. help.
Reboot in recovery mode?
When grub comes up hit esc and pick recovery.
Anyone here know a chemistry channel? i need to name  CH3-COH=CH2    i think its 2-hydroxyprop-2-ene  but isn't it named after the alcohol group instead of the alkene bit
there is ##chemistry
and kenthomson: Thanks
salut tout le monde!
euh... vous etes français?
no - just our bot can speak it ;)
Has anyone had trouble playing dvd's in Jaunty?
Does Jaunty have a problem playing dvd's?
i don't have any problems on the 64 bit version
I'm unable to install Unity on 12.04 getting dependency errors... http://paste.ubuntu.com/817529/
1. unity is already installed on 12.04 2.) #ubuntu+1 channel for 12.04 disussion
Well it is not letting me select it from lightdm
same here... was pulled to it from Gentoo, which I adored
what made you switch from gentoo?
I started using linux back in the 0.9.x kernel releases and have had plenty of 'doing everything myself' experience... I just loved a distro which took away the hard work
yes it does im running gnome 3 on it now
Only trough PPAs.
It's not officially supported.
hello guys does anyone know here how to overclock nvidia 7300 gt ?
do u know how to oc it in windoze 7 :P
That's not a question for this channel, try ##windows for that
(cool thing i just realized.. u can repeat a command in the terminal with the up arrow key. im sure u all know that but in case one person didnt)
Try typing history
You can recall the entire previous history, or call back a single line using !XXX where XXX is the history number
honestly as much as i hate to say it, you may need a different distro capable of handling little ram that you have. you may be able to try xubuntu with someting even smaller than fluxbox. possibly xubuntu with DWM may work. youll need some time to get DWm to work for you though
if you have some time to kill look up some distros that handle low ram possibly arch. i dont want to push you away but ubuntu doesnt really run off 64
if that doesnt work try arch, arch is a lot more complicated but runs a lot better on low memory systems
In Gnome how do I change the apperance of my terminal?
depends what you want to do with it - try Edit->Current Profile for some options
that was what I was looking for ..ThankYou
'fine in Wine' <-- sounds good :)
hmm?
has a nice rhyme to it. hehe
gnome is the type of desktop you have
do you see the CD icon on your desktop?
k :)
How do I/is there a way to have hidden directories shown all the time?
where!? in terminal or nautilus?
mean when you use ls ?
Would there be a reason why my user passowrd won't update?
Changing passwords to users is done through System>Administration>Users and Groups, right?
it can be
hi, i downloaded the latest version of ubuntu and burned the .iso file but my computer will not boot offf the disk, can someone tell me why?
what is the prompts you recive when booting?
does it mention BOOTING FROM ATAPI CDROM:
hello.
i am currently using windows and i have created a new partion on my hard drive i would like to install ubuntu  do i need to format the partion ?
ubuntu install will provide option during isntallation to do it for you
can anyone tell me how I can get ubuntu to pick up my ISDN modem? and connect to the internet..... :(
5 min intervals at least plz
please stop using smilies as a post
why ubuntu can't come with mp3 codec?
liscensing issues
suse does, but it's a german distro, and thus under slightly different restrictions.
Question: is apt-get install possible with live cd? I don't appear to be able to edit /etc/apt/sources.list
well you can't edit the sources.list on the cd...
and you can't update the cd
actually, the / is entering commands that Pidgin doesnt understand unless you add the plugin (so technically it would work in Pidgin)
that plugin is called '/exec 2.6.3'
I can live without commands since it's gui, but thanks
Guys I need to ask a question how do you get ubuntu onto your laptops?
usb-stick
the finished system right aber install? ... around 3GB i guess
I have troubles with timezone. How I can reconfigure it?
prolly tzconfig
ty, it was it
i quite like blueflops but can anyone recommend me a 2.6 floppy distro that has wireless support built in?. blueflops is 2xfloppies but i do not mind a four floppy one. ubuntu is no good for a pentium 100 with 32mbs of ram
step 1) throw out the pentium, step 2) get a WRT54G
NO money over here!
dows anyone here know bout dualscreen to answer my above question
hi all i am testing ubuntu 9.10 live cd on my laptop how can i set up dual screen. atm when i plugg in the 2nd seccond screen it is showing same as laptop but bkury
- calm down O.o not using gnome right now but i think that there is a menu for it in System>settings
Do you have memory in the box?
I've had nothing but problems with xchat on any distro -- just stick to irssi myself :)
the xchat 2.8.0 sett upp with apt-get works perfect for me
1280x1024 isn't a normal res... is it?
isn't that only available with the latest x.org release?
yes, it is.
if I'm really happy with my installation of ubuntu 10.04 32 bit, but I just upgraded from 2 gigs to 8 gigs of memory, should I just upgrade to 10.04 64bit, or should I go to the latest 11.10 64bit?
both should work pretty out of the box
nobody forces you to use unity ;)
WPA2 is even harder to crack :)
i use 256bit blofish encryption for my wifi
same lmao, my router has its own standard of sucurity lmao
is this the place i can ask questions without getting yelled at?
 yes... but dont paste or flod or you will get yelled at :] 
 one has X the other hasn't ;)
!lvn |  Gecko
!lvm |  Gecko
I've really search through that howto alot
anybody familiar with borne shell scripts?
how do i test if a parameter passed into a script is numeric?
'man test'
hai
how can i open yahoo messenger in ubuntu
apt-get install gaim
hp using crossover/
?
yes, the trial version...
Can I somelike configure some user from /home/ ?
Can I somelike configure some user from /home/ ?
configure?
anyone knows how to remove a package and only that pa
anyone knows how to remove a package and only that package without it dependencies ?
look at the options to dpkg
hi
i need help
sudo apt-get install help
!cinelerra | dromer
the kiberpipa.org-packages don't work anymore
well, don't know then (don't use cinelerra here=
I want the name of the tool which creates live usb
unetbootin or the usb creator in system>admin>
unetbootin shoud be aviable for many linuxes... ask in a suse channel
did any try to help me please!
repeat your question if you don't get an answer.. just make sure you don't repeat to often.. once every 5 minutes or so is enough
but just saying 'anyone?' or 'pretty pretty please help me' usually doesn't work
How do I connect to a wireless WPA-PSK network through the command line?
you can do that using iwconfig and iwpriv
i'm not sure of the entire procedure, though
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_rbeqbj-n1Z0/Skeak1qBGyI/AAAAAAAAAeM/3k_ntrDWmOw/s1600-h/ubuntu.png
any reason your posting that in a support channel ?
wrong window
whats the command to chmod every file in a folder to 777?
chmod 777 *
that only did the every file in that folder, not the folders in the folder
hi.. how do i remove with apt-get ?
apt-get remove pacakgename
apt-get remove --purge
Anybody know what the direct command for the software sources screen is?
software-properties-gtk
thanks
well here's the command line I want:  ./movie London.Boulevard 'London Boulevard' 2010
I want it to transfer ./downloads/movies/London.Boulevard.x264.Release.mkv to ./media/London Boulevard (2010)/London Boulevard.mkv
do you have a parrot in your shoulder?
anyone here know anything about 64 bit linux please pm me, i could use some help
just ask here, if anybody knows then they'll answer
look into the forums for info about that, I think there is even a list of problematic applications etc.
anyone tell me where to find the power settings in xubuntu?
like gnome-power-manager
in xubuntu you can apt-get install gnome-power-manager
#ubuntu.es/
#ubunto.es
may we help you? marque '/j #ubuntu-es'
greeting users
wassup, just installed my mint
grats!
he didn't install ubuntu using the cds, but via some third party tool (that I haven't heard of)
So I guess that this tool activated user 'root' ;) ... and he doesn't know the login infos... Not so good ;)
yes, this is what I suspect.
hello all
I have a Realtek 8172 wireless card aka Realtek 8192se in windows and I cannot for the live of me get it to work with ubuntu 9.10 32 bit or 64 bit: is there anyone that can provide some advice?
have you checked the restricted drivers?
hi
when you two are done, do you think you can help me with an NTFS mounting problem?
 add something like: /dev/hdb1       /media/windowz ntfs user,umask=0222 0 0
i was using maverick and i have installed 2.6.38 kernel over it, now i need to install virtualbox. do i need to choose th natty version or the maverick itself?
someone plz help on this
what do you mean? just install the virtualbox package
lawl..uploading 100 files in ubuntu server is like a pain. isnt there ftp uploader that supports simulatenous upload?
Also, try FileZilla
it's ubuntu server :p need Cmds
i noticed during install, some settings were unavailable... ie. firewall... anyone know if ubuntu NEEDS a firewall? or is security already set to high?
Mandriva, RedHat9 lets me configure these, that's why i ask
doesnt really need a firewall. if you want a firewall, get firestarter and make your own rules up
I didn't find how to do this in Keyboard shortcuts ... is there a way to make the 'windows' key on my keyboard be a hot button to open Synaptic?
gconf-editor  ... apps -> metacity -> global-keybindings
yes, with captive NTFS driver... like i said
Ubuntu 7 is Ubuntu Feisty ?
7.04 is Feisty Fawn.
I believe , #ubuntu+1 is is the Feisty support channel, they should have more info on that.
Can I, on an ATI laptop, use both the laptop screen and an external monitor at different resolutions without using the fglrx driver?
that will depend on your video card
how can I find out whether my card will support it? (It's a Radeon Xpress 200M)
Yo folks, anyone here who uses Ubuntu 8 or 9?
with new software releases?
not really. but maybe
is Ubuntu specially geared towards new linux/unix users or can an experienced user who likes to build a minimalistic system enjoy ubuntu like he would .. say .. gentoo ?
you should find it works for both fine. ^^;
well, presumably at one point they branched off, and from there is the version of Debian, but the packages are kept in sync as best as possible.
the commands /msg and /query do not work in empathy
how to fix?
download the source code and fix it yourself
almtybob: system -> preferences -> session
almtybob: system -> preferences -> session -> startup programs, even
will that run when my computer boots or when ubuntu starts?
question is 64 bit ubuntu going to work flawless on a fresh install? i am looking at the software issues any? like in the repos? and java and flash, i was reading in the forums about having to do some fancy command-line stuff to get flash working? the posts look to be better than a year old, or is that not an issue any more?
well i have a 64 bit computer now and wanted to know if flash works like installing ubuntu-restricted-xtras or am i going to have to do a walk around?
apt-get install flashplugin-installer and you should be set.
so what the hell?
Rhythmbox wont play my MP3s?
is this the first time it's refused?
thechris is trolling
I'm not bashing ubunut I understand its point, but I don't understand why they couldn't wait other release??? I love ubuntu ,but this makes it hard on all users :(
i meant to say that thechris is trolling, not you
Anyone here in the Okla. or Oklahoma City area?
i live in tulsa
Do you know of anyone or place in the OkC area that has one of the Ubu install disks?
Pyroraptor ipod nano 3g
Pyroraptor the fat small one ;)
since when do they make an ipod nano 3g
ok, i'll ask them then
#lubuntu isn't much better. I may just go back to fluxbox.
Plain OpenBox is nice.. just stick your own panel in
checking with aplay directly does not produce sound is not the sound daemon
right, my mistake
you can create a swapfile; or if you have the space create the wap partition now
Hey guys my Computer has been acting up. Everytime i try to play a game form WINE it crashs. It even crashs if im just browsing the web. Im using Ubuntu Hardy Heron 8.04 640MB of RAM 2.4 AMD processer and 30gb of hard drive. Any ideas?
WHen i say crash i mean completly shutdown computer
Ever since the kernel update 5-6 days ago, my laptop has been crashier and crashier.
Could anyone help me figure out how to play mp3's? When I opened up AmaroK it told me the GST sound engine could not play mp3s, so after browsing the forums I Installed the Xine sound engine.. however, when I try to change the sound sysyem in AmaroK the Xine engine is not listed.
is xmms a program or another sound engine
it's a program
is my turn here??
when is my turn??
be patient
how do u turn dma on for a dvd drive
if you know how to do it with a hard drive, just replace /dev/hda with /dev/dvd
glad to be helpful
ciao
ma che  sta roba?
not really, no
i'm about to send my friend home with a ubuntu live cd - he needs to chroot and reinstall grub, might there be a guide or something ic an print off for him real quick?
http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/ubuntu/reinstall-ubuntu-grub-bootloader-after-windows-wipes-it-out/
ty
anyone recommend any decent wireless cards for ubuntu without breaking the bank looking to spend around 50
belklins tend to work
they have linux drives officaly
hello, does anyone know a good help channel on programming
#programming
yea im checking that one out
hey can someone help me out
anyone?
with?
/etc/init.d/cups   - what is the command to start this service?
append a 'start' (no quotes)
yw - you can check for options with /etc/init.d/cups --help
After update from 10.04 to 10.10 I have installed gnome-shell. Drugin the install strange things begun to happen (disapearing images in standard gnome gui etc.). It rmoved some aps (like eog) and overally made a giant mess (and gnome-shell does not even work). What would I need to reinstall (whole gnome?) to bring things back to normal?
did yo try: sudo apt-get autoremove gnome-shell && sudo reboot
No I haven't.
hi
some speak wihteme?
yes?
ubuntu uses xorg by default, what functionality are you looking for exactly?
I know... basically vnc server on the current desktop. this one interfaces directly with the vid card and doesn't use up so much cpu. I know it works with xorg, i have it working fine on gentoo
I tried their install, but according to the logs it says it can't open the module vnc.so... permissions are fine and everything. binary nvidia drivers load fine
Can anyone explain why my dialup internet account is activated when I boot up the machine? I would prefer to just activate it from the panel app...
i think i remember a file /etc/ppp/ppp_on_boot or /etc/ppp/ppp_on_boot.dsl responsible for it
have a look what's there.
Guys, I'm looking for info on how to make my usb device bootable. There's something in the docs about doing it when the computer isn't usb bootable.
Is there an easy way to do this ? I guess I can't just copy a live ubuntu iso onto a usb ha ?
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LiveUsbPendrivePersistent
Tout le monde parle anglais?
no, but we try
there is probably a #ubuntufr channel
hi everybody!
How Can I Register For IRC Chat??
you are on IRC right now.
Just installed alternate cd.  Where the heck is GDM?!
did you install it
don't forget the smoke
What's a good general ubuntu chat irc?
channel
ubuntu-offtopic
what i find strange is that this bug has ben around for about 2 years, and still isnt fixed so you can run ipset
i mean its a must have tool for enyone with large ipranges of blacklists etc
there are loads of bugs which are unfixed for years.... bugsquad is completely undermanned
Is it easy to share a printer in Ubuntu so that other Ubuntu machines can print to that printer?
Is there anything special that I need to do?
there's a wiki that talks about using IPP for printer sharing, it's rather simple
Hm, the xres and yres parameters in my usplash.conf file match the resolution I'm currently using
!ask | andypls1
my resolution got stuck at 800x600 and there's no way to fix it. i am using Nvidia
Can someone tell me if Feisty includes full-disk encryption at install time?
 not at install time - that i saw.,
 at least not on the livecd. alt install may.. But ive not heard it mentioned.
: I'm a SCiTE lover :)
scite is pretty good, but its a text editor, i also love geany
: 4 tiled text editor with code folding is all I need :), and I do PHP mainly...
hey guy, i have an external hard drive with NTFS, this problem: http://img399.imageshack.us/my.php?image=bildschirmfotorp9.png anyone an idea what to do?
you didn't umount your drive correctely when you was on windows. the best way is to start windows with the disk connected, then umount it correctely, and it will work. this is a protection measure to avoid data loss
ahh ok thx =)
hi everyone, is it possible to run winxp with vmware on ubuntu to run my favorite games ?
Yes, it is. WINE runs most games great I've found, though. What games are you planning to play?
age of empire 3
Hi, I have an acer timelinex with 'Intel Corporation 5 Series/3400 Series Chipset HD Audio', and I can't seem to get my mic working!  I can get audio output working fine and the external mic works, just not the internal.  Does anyone have any recommendations?
http://www.alsa-project.org/main/index.php/Help_To_Debug_Intel_HDA
thanks for the link, I'll check it out
id -u
hey thanks :)
no prob
I want a reminder to remind me to do a hard backup every friday
I know I know... I could cronjob it. but my filenames change to dates and are always different
sudo: a2enmod: command not found
how can i ictall yahoo messanger in linux?
i use ubuntu and i want to install yahoo messager, any can help me? sorry for my ignorance
install gaim
ok guys I am having problem with my mouse in my acer aspire one netbook
the trackpad is working fine but the mouse is not detecting
dooo tell
Please introduce me a nice shell torrent client.
not a GUI one
rtorrent
only english ?
there are other language channels.
yes
does open office require gnome or kde (i'm using xfce)?
it should work in xfce
ty
hi to all
does anybody has installed ubuntu as server?
many people... now ask your real question please
do you have any idea what might cause this error on boot?: Kernel Panic- not syncing:VFS:Unable to mount root fs on unknown -block(0,0)
ask someone where your system logs are. they hold clues
any idea which system log I should be looking at?
Does anyone know of where I can find someone who will connect with me via teamviewer and look at my system?
I can
PM me
probably because he doesnt have the propreitary repository enabled
nice id, its good to see intelligent people following the lord
When did they make that change.  I have never had to enable the restricted repository.
I just did a fresh 9.10 install and when I try to install ncurses-devel I get '
... I get 'Couldn't find package: ncurses-devel'
try: apt-cache search ncurses
hi. im using ubuntu 5.04. Im currently trying to install amsn. (-deb file) . But konsole says that packages like imlibll,sox,docker,tcltls... are not installed
it suits better for my computer
sudo apt-cache search <the libs u search come here>  , might help
acker:  I've had that problem when it couldn't connect to a timesync server or the like..
So, what should I do?
haha ok, I'll try, thanks mate :)
maybe it is the 'Background color' setting in the Login Window Preferences. Not sure about that though, this had to be edited by hand in gnome in earlier days.
nah i changed that but it's still orange so it must be something else
looks like it is a bug, there is a workaround here: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gdm/+bug/140821    maybe that helps
hello, I upgraded from 7.04 to 7.10 and am not able to boot the latest kernel (kernel panic error) but can boot with the older one, any ideas?  can I reinstall the latest one?
you could but you will prob have the same problem
what do you suggest I do in this case? I am getting an error that says it cannot mount root FS on such a block, etc.
If my motherboard was made for an Intel pentium 3 CPU (which is bigger than the Intel pentium 4 CPU) But can i still put an Intel Pentium 4 CPU into my motherboard?
or wouldn't it fit?
it would not work or fit
should i, or should i not upgrade to edgy?
I wouldn't do it just yet. Not on production at least.
ubuntu wiki says october 26
Have you tried Hardy?
Sorry, my question was for UbuntuNooB
System > Administration > Software Sources
is there any IM clients that support audo/video?
Skype ? :)
Ekiga ?
ping
guys can somone help me out here
what is your trouble, friend?
How do install a file from an RPM
is there a gDesklets for KDE environment
konfabulator comes to mind, but I don't use kde so I dont' know
now im wondering how to unmount it image trough terminal
sudo umount /mount/point
only root can mount / unmount
Hello, I am starting to work on a website that is entirely css and php.  My knowlege of both of them is below par.  Is there an editor that is suggested?  Currently I am just using 'gedit'
are there any out there that will try and autofill my tag?
Try using Wine on it
Can someone direct me to the Windows IRC
Windows channel, or Windows-oriented IRC server?
channel
hey anyway of putting Evolution in the taskbar when minimized?
alltray
that's not at all funny.  You're wasting community resources.
i was told to install a tool like, gproftpd to use ftp with my apache.... thing is... will that take over the main apache? and only go for ftp access when it get's to the server?
or will i absolutely need to start the address with ftp:// ?
Have you wasked in #apache?
Hey guys - I have just installed ubuntu and I can't play an mp3. Suggestions?
double clicking it should bring up an easy codec instillation.
and it should let you click through it, to install codecs?
Hey all
Is there a way to edit the windows registry from within unbuntu?
you could try going to the regedit.exe and opening it wine
which is best irc program for ubuntu, i don't like webchat
XChat IRC?
xchat is a good client
is there a mathematica for Linux?
octave is what you want i believe
well, that's matlab compatible stuff....
Anybody played with dual displays under nvidia's TwinView that can tell me if I need to have two screen config sections (for each monitor) set up in my xorg.conf?
on atil it is needed if the two displays have diff resol
works also with ati :) this way
are you saying that iptables would use /etc/services to resolve the name? thought that is hardcoded in the app
i'm pretty sure everything uses /etc/services to resolve port names to numbers
coo. I thought of it always as just a quick reference for personal pleasure
anybody intgrated ubuntu and apple airplay with itunes on Mac os X?
nikkk: by a gun.
--- LOL ;-) lend me one ;-)
hi, i'm running 11.04 and want to update to 12.04 in the update manager
however it is asking for me to update to 11.10, is there a way to skip that release?
You can't skip releases (unless you're going from LTS to LTS_.
ntfs is a horrible filesystem
lol why? just because its being used by windows ^
and can't be used in *nix anyways, probably reiserfs or xfs would be best, but most go with ext3
I want to install a new kernel on the machine where there is Ubuntu dapper. Problem is, that machine has LAN adapeter not supported by the Dapper kernel version. However I can download the new kernel to another machine and then use USB flash disk to transfer it to machine I want to install at ..
when you get the package on the machine you want to install to use dpkg -i package.deb
packages.ubuntu.com
wtf
?
easy on the language please
to LDS_Trooper: 7z x aaa.zip
what do you mean?
do u mean how to use 7zip?
oh... i forgot to ask the most important question... will ubuntu run on my NEC Versa M540 smoothly?
What speed is your Versa?
It should run perfectly
hey guys. I got a question.. how can I get my sound working again in firefox? and in VLC cause the only media players that play sound are the ones that came standard with Ubuntu :)?
'asoundconf list'
the you can set default
can windows 3D games be played in Ubuntu ?
some windows game you don't even have to use wine
most of the unreal games and some id games
hi all, I have a new motherboard with a Realtek RTL8111 gigabit lan controller on it - the Edgy 64-bit install CD doesn't recognize
is there a place to download a CD with latest 2.6.18 kernel on it already?
get Debian :)
when in Terminal how can I check my current server path
you mean 'pwd' ?
pwd might seem strange, but it stands for 'print working directory'
anyone here having troubling getting flash content through firefox
im  trying to go to the star trek movie site but the screen stays black instead of loading
try updating firefox and its plugins
anyone here using fluxbox? where do you go to change your resolution?
/j #fluxbox
I would guess in xorg.conf
Does anyone know if it is possible to skin ubuntu like windows ?
yea sure google is full of links
haven't found anything...
Are there any other webcam programs more sophisticated than cheese?
What functionality are you looking for?
There's one called monitor that can do that.
!ntfs
anyway to format an external hdd with NTFS on it...gparted shows it as locked, and i cannot edit it...any suggestions?
it is probably mounted, but I suggest using Knoppix CD, it has more options than Ubuntu GParted
anyone here know howto get mozilla-mplayer to work in firefox 3?
it seem that not all plugin work in ff3
there's a little config tweaking you can do, i'll find the link for you, but i should just add that it makes your FF3 more vulnerable to being destroyed by addons that might do just that
do you have a preference for which vnc server to use, there are a few
yay I'm in
you'll need samba for that
i'm burning intrepid with 3x speed. is that _too_ safe? haha
i burnt at 2x just in case!
only going to install it once so it has to wokr!
Quick question, brand new to ubuntu here, is there some kind of app I can find somewhere that will display the charge level of my laptop battery? Fresh instal of 7.10 on an acer aspire 3610, just running a system update atm to bring everything up to date.
it should be there already
in any case, right clikc the top panel and say 'add to panel' and look through it.
Is there any book on Ubuntu for beginner users?
What's it?
I've got a manual.  You can buy it from me on PayPal :)
is kubuntu less stable/supported than ubuntu?
no
there is very little performance gain if you switch to 64bit, and there are the aforementioned issues.  It might be better to stick with 32bit.
can anyone point me to a good beginner article/tutorial about developping C++ in linux, I'm interested in learning the basics (specially how you used the debugger and make file ) I have prior knowledge in C++ as a language, but always used Visual Studio under windows
do you have anjuta?
I've seen it before, I don't have it installed at the moment, but I had the impression that Anjuta generates the Makefile for you,.. I don't want that, I'd like to learn the basics behind.. and then once I'm comfortable with it, I would start using Anjuta / Kdevelop or Eclipse/CDT
Good morning, afternoon, night. This is a windows xp question, the os crashes after the logo appears giving me a black screen. I read that one possible solution is using the xp cd to repair the flaw. How do i do that?
did it happen after installing ubuntu ?
last time I had the same issue, later i found that its because I enable advanced sata features in bios
man.. something is EATING my ram.. I have 2GB over 80% full, how can I check what's using what ram?
 run 'htop'
that depends on a lot of things
After installing VBOXADDITIONS the mouse integration works perfectly (an onscreen prompt announced it as well), but  straight to the display properties bix didnt appear - my resolution is still 800*600.. any ideas what I missed?
you may need to install addition video drivers
*additional
is it normal to have to reinstall nvidia drivers every kernel update? Every time i get an update that has to do with the kernel I have to go into my xorg.config and change 'nvidia' to 'nv' to get x to load until I reinstall the nvidia drivers
nope, hoary
No, it should not revert back to 'nv'.
does anyone know where archive manager is?
its sort of an automatic thing like double clicking a RAR file
but if you go into edit menu i think its in there somewhere
Hi everybody! I was having fun with sockets using python to create a server program and a client program. Whenever I stop the server the port it used is temporarily unavailable. I think it's because I don't free it up properly. Does anybody know how you do that? I call connection.close() and socket.close()
It might be that it's in time_wait
Sockets can be kept open for optimization purposes after they are 'closed'. You can change this behavior by.. doing something.
isnt Intel usually white-listed?
mostly, though some of the very early ones may not like compiz too much
that's true
what IS irritating is Adobe's apparent unwillingness to support Flash on Linux any longer
flash 9 will be on linux
well Flash 9 is out, so I hope the Linux version is coming out soon...it gets tiring going to websites and being told I don't have flash installed when I do...just an obsolete version
Thank you to all of you who didn't reply to me.  My own stupidity was at fault the entire time.
 don't be dramatic
ok, sorry then
hope that works...
oh yeah and restart firefox
 heh - i was about to mention that as well.
suse 11 have a installer for Windows XP as ubuntu?
like wubi?
they're both related ;)
can someone help me configure my network card on 10.04?
what kind of conf?
you should google that
hi there! if got a process i kannt kill, even kill -9 doesn't work
that is impossible. kill -9 cannot be intercepted. are you sure that the very same pid is being used and that you don't have something that is being respawned by init or something else?
ps auwx |grep <process-name>
tristanbob: anybody? ubuntu is free
this is for a small business, looking to support those who support UBuntu
I used to do that (still get upgrades from newegg) but I prefer to purchase tested configurations now
!lart soundray
Why won't Ubotu lart people in here? =(
hehe
anybody ever had a pc that takes like 20 minutes to load ubuntu server, and 7hours to load win2003server?
hello all
, 7hours for load win2003?
does Ubuntu have a default root password? I can't get in root, don't remember setting a root password during install, and tryed all of my normal passwords.
does Ubuntu have a default root password? I can't get in root, don't remember setting a root password during install, and tryed all of my normal passwords.
your user password is the 'root' password and ubuntu doesnt really have a root
Having some trouble getting help with a simple question can anyone help?
I just installed Luninux OS and I am getting prompted with more than one update. I have one for Ubuntu 12.04 and I also noticed a notification icon pop up at the bottom of my screen that says updates. Should I do both, or one of them?
one or the other
Hi, I'm had to manually fix my root file system using fschck but now upon logging in to my default system session it just displays the background and fails to load the desktop
 Hi, I'm had to manually fix my root file system using fschck but now upon logging in to my default system session it just displays the background and fails to load the desktop
some times you loose your desktop as it is - so you can removed the directory .gnome2 and it will all recreate at the next logon
I'm a little bit concerned about the use of closed source software, so I tend to stay away from utorrent
Don't bother -- it's just a guide for utorrent in Wine
ah xD Well in that case, nevermind :P Everything, other then minimizing to tray, works perfectly for me. Even tetris, if I remember correctly
 can i remove fisically an ide disk from my pc while its on if its umounted, or that would be stupid?
 can i remove fisically an ide disk from my pc while its on if its umounted, or that would be stupid?
i would not take the risk, but it should be fine
So you delete somethig that was 8gb's and it didn't free up the space? I had that problem 300mb's from syantic manager.... gotta MARK FOR FULL REMOVAL or something
yeah
I know what to do!  Find the file in your hard drive and delete it!
So I thought I would just decrypt the system and 'fix it
and learn more about encryption.
I am talking about Ubuntu 11.04
are there any good instant messenging alternatives to GAIM?
aim, microsoft
I like Psi (jabber) and use transports to people who use MSN (or other protocols) but it can't send files or anything like that to people who use other protocols. Only messages.
it mimics the command line interface, and commands work just as they should in a shell....
impiza mint is not supported here
/msg ubottu
im getting this error while trying to reinstall gnome-do. E: gnome-do: subprocess installed post-installation script returned error exit status 2
try purging gnome-do and do a reinstall then
same thing again i tryed sudo apt-get remove --purge gnome-do
anyone who can help me install bluetooth adapter..?
http://www.ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=34740 *might* help
thanks.. i'll try
i installed flash player for firefox, but firefox now closes when i visit sites with flash,
any idea?
uninstall flash. which version did you install - free, non-free, 7? 9?
i thought xeon was an intel chip
true but it's arch=amd64
1964  :-)
hi all, I would like to rebuild from scratch the ubuntu-live cd, where I could find build scripts (yes I have full mirrors) ?
you are ambitiuos
i would like to study the build system, but I cannot google find it
is it possible to get the ubuntu themes from jaunty for Ubuntu 8.04?
I believe  that gnome-look.org has some of them.
Its always risky installing packages not designed for your release, but take a look at http://lifehacker.com/5158563/get-ubuntus-new-notifications-in-your-system-now
How does one get from 10.04 beta to LTS?  Does simply updating do it?
yes, simply updating the beta should get you up to date with the lts I believe...
undecim: Thanks.
http://www.n00bsonubuntu.net/content/howto-add-hotmaillive-account-to-evolution-mail-mpeg/
stable is fairly moot when it comes to wine
use the one which your desired apps work best in
is anyone firmiliar with x11vnc??
is anyone firmiliar with x11vnc??
not really, but what's up? Gnome has a built in VNC server if that's any good?
ive been using linux so long now i forgot people actually worry about viri still.
ettesb you might need to reboot
i did
anyone knows how to convert mpg to mp4 on ubuntu? I
check out the program called Avidemux. It should be in the repositories.
thanks
!wifi | imperfect-
!webcam | Marlun check out the supported cams list,
thank you :)
hey im thinking of running ubuntu. will i be able to run .exe files ?
LOL!
go back to windows 8-)
I need to do a ping test to a remote server, but i want to test a specific port.  How do I do that?  I only know how to ping the ip.
thanks
you can also use telnet with a port override to have a conversation on any port.  nmap is fine for discovering whether the machine is listening on a port.
> cherche dans les parametres sytemes
> t'a un truc special pour ca
> ou dans 'preferences' > 'resolution de l'ecran'
I upgraded to edgy through apt, but now I can boot only in recovery mode (if in normal mode it seems X is not loaded); can anyone help me?
did you try logging in and running startx?
I'll try when this upgrade will finish, tanhk u
can you still linux on RISC chip ???
yep linux spports more chips than any other operating system
ls -l file
can you guys point me to a howto for mounting my fat32 partitions
I know to edit fstab,.
hang round. crimsun and I are discussing it
there is french user here ?
Is there french users here who can help me ?
#ubuntu-fr
rtorrent in screen ftw ;)
pyroscope
look interesting - thanks.
is someone here has tried gdesklets on fluxbox ?
not on fluxbox but in gnome
the pb on fluxbox is that when I launch them at the startup they appear in solid little windows..... on only one workspace
Hi my x server is down
down? try startx
whats the error
how do install xorg?
rather what is the pseudo package?
xserver-xorg ?
hey guys
can anyone here help me with ndiswrapper?
where r u stuck?
I can I tell Ubuntu that it can write in /cdrom? (It's actually an USB pen)
How can I tell Ubuntu that it can write in /cdrom? Because it's actually an USB pen
 you may want to mount that thing someplace other then /cdrom then.
is there a dos2unix command for ubuntu
yes, in the sysutils package
then install sysutils ;)
how do i configure i click instead of double-click when i do click on a icon
s/i/one
ubuntu or kubuntu?
can you manually change it with cpufreq-selector -f 1666000 ?
My pc is plugged in, shut and restarted... its still like that
let me try
howdy, anyone know what graphical packages come with python in Ubuntu 7.04 AND in Kubuntu 7.04?  I am writing an app that I need to work on both platforms, and for some reason Ubuntu canned python with tk installed by default.
Tkinter is generally the default, but for some reason its no longer included as of 7.04
so you don't want them to have to install anything from the repositories?  why?
!ntfs
i don't think they can trace you on TOR without alot of court orders
If done right, they probably can't trace you even then.
How do I see who is in the chat room on xchat? I'm used to mIRC
are you running xchat or xchat-gnome ?
switch to xchat :: sudo aptitude install xchat
any ideas about making bash default in the terminal instead of /bin/sh
change /etc/passwd to /bin/bash
but why need bash?
is ubuntu opengl or non opengl ??
is ubuntu opengl or non opengl
ubuntu can use opengl
i dont know how to mount files at all i dont know how to get my files to load from windows vista to ubuntu?  how does one mount files, is there directions how to do this?
you must be seeing your windows folder from My Computer in Ubuntu, double click it
continue exploring the world of linux, !
how do i create an external ip address on my linux machine so i can access it from a different computer??
yeah :)
port forwarding = router firewall
giorno a tutti
come e va
hardy = perfomance reducement.
Please, how can open apt files for installing?
yes
If installing from repositories, use: sudo apt-get install <packagename>, if installing from filesystem, use: sudo dpkg -i <name>.deb
ubuntu will reconfigure for you
ropechoborra, point the tracker to the same download location?
do i have to copie the torrents ?? (is an ntfs parition )
gedit?
gedit what?
I don't know personally. But gedit would be a graphical way of getting to it...
Anyone knows how do I print out the screen resolution I use?
xrandr
np
how do i enable smp support? im on edgy and cat /etc/cpuinfo shows only 1 processor
which kernel do you have installed?
yes, you want generic
Are there people who will help with ubuntu for money?
Is it necessary for me to occasionally re-ask a question so that it remains in view, in order to get a response, or is once usually enough?
canoncial has pay-support, too see ubuntu,com
hi, quick ? before i install ubuntu, will all my programs such as photoshop etc be compatible?
no
but you can run them anyway
having a brain fart, whats the command to get an nvidia xorg config?
nvidia-glx-config enable, I think
yuppers you got it, thanks much
i need help getting access to my second hard drive it is mounted but i cant save nothing on it
ext3
type 'mount'...is it read only?
is it possible to use fstab to mount as any other user than root..? (or how to automount a partition as a normal user during startup, not as root)
if you want write access, make sure you own the mount point and mount with options user,rw in fstab; if it's ntfs it needs some more lingo, I'm not sure
yes, you can sudo chown -R dsl482 /mnt/mountpoint   or make sure you have write access there (unmount partition first)
my $25 hauppage works awesome...
Whats the name of that Desktop search tool in Ubuntu?.. I know its in synaptic, just can't remember the name of it.
beagle
curse this laptop keyboard
ok
so make a keybindings for it
Hello, why doesn't the installer's partition editor set /boot on a fat file system?
It only shows /dos and /windows mountpoints.
Because you cant use a fat filesystem as /boot
How does one restart X server in Ubuntu?
thank you
from terminal it's sudo startx, from X it's ctrl alt backspace
!usb | psykatog
!vpn | Desg_xd
 i read that already i just dont know what settings to put
What is an (Atheros) reference design? See http://madwifi.org/wiki/Compatibility/Atheros.
ifconfig prints ath0 and wifi0 entries. What interface is ath0 as opposed to wifi0?
wifi0 is some kind of link to ath0.
hello all
could someone help me to not be obligted to 'downgrade' to windows? :(
what
i am trying to get my wireless card to work on ubuntu 10.10, but it just won't detect it. i don't understand why because according to http://intellinuxwireless.org/ the driver for my card (the 6230) is built into the kernel (drivers/net/wireless/iwlwifi). does anyone know why ubuntu isn't detecting my card?
I have no idea if that discusses your card, but start there
apparently i should use lspci to find the wireless card i have.. but it shows up as 'Intel Corporation Device 0091' .. which is strange because i know that it is the Intel Advanced-N 6230
can someone help me plz!!! i can't seem to be able to install any pckages
g++ is dead
are you using synaptic?
AELLIOTT: THATS ALWAYS A GOOD SEARCH PHRASE, TOO MANY DONT EVEN TRY IT
oops srry caps
forums would be empty if people searched properly :P
i wanna make my own programes u getme ?
so what i want is to make open source pro
If you mean from scratch, perhaps you should ask in the channel for whatever programming language you are using.
elkuntu:thank you
elkuntu: ok thak you , one more thing / how do i copy the nicks for faster working in chat win ?
you should be able to tab-complete them
come on simple question, newb needs help. I want to directly open a file that I am downloading with firefox. I need to browse to amaroK. I dont even know where linux keeps applications.
right click on the file, select Properties | Open with
also check FF's prefs
how do I check my ip address like IPconfig in windows?
how do I check my ip address like IPconfig in windows?
ifconfig
my ubuntu installer has stopped... is there a way to get behind the scenes and figure out why ?
 alt-ctrl-F1 through F6 may show some info
alt-ctrl-F is not active.. its just completely stalled :/
How do you see the specs of your system on Ubuntu.  ie amount of ram in the computer,  amount of space left on the hd, etc...
 How do you see the specs of your system on Ubuntu.  ie amount of ram in the computer,  amount of space left
free -m shows ram; df -h shows space
!ru | Aspekt
rapha→ that wasn't unicode
whatever it is, I can't read it ;)
Does any one on this server write a ubuntu blog?
no
I do write sometimes, but for linux in general, http://blog.littlebearz.com
Oh, Guest32320 was using gimp-gap. Not sure what it is set to hand.e
the workspace switcher
RIght. I knew switcher was in the name somewhere.
lol..too much gaming ;)
i use truecrypt and mount the first partition with passphrase (/usr) and the rest with keyfiles on /usr
err...why tell me?
what is more efficient for a intermediate programmer to learn how to use Net-beans or Eclipse?
C++ and Python
there is pydev (python) and cdt (C++) for eclipse
is there any way to disable esd?
killall -9 esd
Markrian's advice is better
hello
why ubuntu is becoming more and more slow
i don't know what you are talking about
isnt it possible via backports?
i think so.  are they setup yet?
no idea :/
!gnome-screensaver
how to screensavers work in Ubuntu? I need to learn how to write clones of popular malware-infested Windows screensavers so my 'support customers' won't be trying to run them in Wine :P
well.. afaik there's a screensaver daemon that runs all the screensavers.. not sure if it works the same way as in windows
how to convert real player file into dvd file on ubuntu?
devede may work well for that.
will try. thanks
I started installing the MythTV package with Adept but then stopped midway.  Now when I try to install on the command line, I get the following error: 'dpkg: error while cleaning up: subprocess post-removal script returned error exit status 1' and 'Errors were encountered while processing: /var/cache/apt/archives/mysql-server-5.0_5.0.51a-3ubuntu5_i386.deb'
the error stopped it? try again
go into synaptic and check for broken packages then try to repair them
did you install build-essential, or just gcc?
thanks, that's probably the problem. Nice name, btw.
still has the error
rm -rf perhaps?
yep..stretching & typing w/ one finger & a cat on my lap
classic irc position.
how easy is it to change from debian to ubuntu, without any data loss ?
which ubuntu version should i use for a laptop... ?
the one you like :)
hi all i would like to dist upgrade to breezy rc, but since this is first time i will upgrade ever i have several questions. first is: if i decided to uninstall for example totem and install another media player will it be installed again as a standard part of distribution? and if there are new packages included in standard distribution (for exaple - beagle) will they be installed?
it's way way way way way simpler to instal ubuntu-desktop before upgrading
wiki.ubuntu.com/BreezyUpgradeNotes
Yay, sexy.
are you from the netherlands?
Yes
Is it possible to not run a 'desktop environment'? I want to run just a simple window manager etc etc and not either of Gnome, KDE, XFCE etc
: check out IceWM or LXDE -- or ratpoison or awesome if you're keyboard inclined
- I know awesome is, not sure about the others. But I liked IceWM a lot for speed.
hello guys, does anyone experiencing any issue with installing software via apt-get in 12.04 right now?
Failed to fetch http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/main/libe/liberror-perl/liberror-perl_0.17-1_all.deb  Hash Sum mismatch
yes
How do I add sound to my Open Office Impress Presentation?
 oops, i figured for sure it would point you properly... i'll have to edit that lol
 there it is:  #users.openoffice.org
In ubuntu server, what is necessary to do to make a process to autostart?
For example, apache
Might want to ask #ubuntu-server
hi on the boot it take too long to read
read what?
form harddisk its slow and alot of message
hi everyone
where can I change the server's listen port from 80 to something say 8080?
in apache?
guys how do i grep something, which returns about 10 thing, then run each of those through another function?
right a bash script or perl
maybe a virtual box
no, it's not.
Canonical it's based in the Isle of Man.
only the lawyer's office. The actual office is in London, I'm pretty sure
Hi, I have a question. Why don't newly installed programs appear on Gnome's application menu?
Some do, some don't.
smeg, i think
only time firefox scrolls badly is when i have bad card drivers
supermiguel: what type
i just need like a logo for Super Miguel, like an S and an M
how do i completely move firefox
i mean uninstall
a) why?
Ok, I want to give my kids read only access to the Music samba share, but I want my wife and I to have read/write access...how do I set that up, please?
if your wife and kids are the only users on the system then put your wife and you in a group say 'parents' and chgrp the directory and all contents to 'parents'
then revoke w permission from other
I'm using xchat, and I can hit tab and it cycles thru names
oh yeah. there's that
that is adjustable in xchat  by entering it's setup and selecting/deselecting  'old style nick completion'
what is the kernel number for gutsy?
ty
uname -r
hi all, i've added a module to /etc/module - I was wondering what directories Linux searches to find this module?
lib/modules/blah i believe
thanks a bunch
ola, alguem pode me dar uma ajuda ? =)
#ubuntu-es
here the language is English
hey all. Anyone know of any good fax software that uses the computer's modem to send a fax? I have a fax I need to send, and attach a couple .doc files to it
interesting... I'll boot into ubuntu and take a look then - the longer I use linux, the more and more I HATE windows. (the only reason I'm in windows right now is to send a fax, and it's making things quite difficult)
It's soooooo easy to dislike Windows
I think there are some other 'run' command options in the repos.  Look in the Miscellaneous - Graphical sections
You may need to enable the multiverse repos to get at most of them.
thank you, I found several and am taking my pic of them
Are there any problems when updating to 8.10?
depends on who you're asking.. it went without problems for me
thanks!
I'm having trouble trying to install Daimonin
Could someone pretty please help me try and install daimonin? I would greatly appreciate it :)
your first statement of your problem was fine but you could provide more info if you want a helpful response
ETA 10 minutes untill a meeting on #Ubuntu-meeting!
Sorry got it wrong it is at #ubuntu-meeting
There are meetings there all the time, is this something that really needs to be announced?
Is it possible to do an upgrade from 7.10 to 8.04 using a Desktop CD? Or do I have to use the Alternate CD?
you mean live cd using a CD you need to install fresh
I see... Thanks
you edit the settings in sudo nano /etc/default/grub
i have grub1
oh, never mind my comment then
lol, ubotu is a bot?
lol
actually, I 'lost' grub because I rebuilt my filesystem on a new drive
does any of you use linux anti virus?
there is no use for it in linux when you are only loggin in as normal use and use the sudo command in the terminal
user*r*
hardly casanova_.. if you mean tabs then yes.
firefox's biggest thing is extensions
you have tabz in the IE7. And an integrated email/rss/atom feed reader
:)
Never used that before :-X
it's usefull in case like that :)
Guys, am packages problem or it's Ubuntu ?! i can fill the RAM and swap space by just scrolling over a pdf file !!
i can scroll through 1000+ page ebooks without issue
do u use evince !?
I'm installing Ubuntu on an old laptop for a friend whose computer died.  Is there any particular reason to prefer ubuntu to xubuntu?
specs on the laptop?
if you have 2gigs of ram, i'd install normal ubuntu... its a better version IMO.
I installed gstreamer0.8-mad.  Rhythmbox now recognizes my mp3 file, but still doesn't play.  I'm new to this.  Suggestions?
!tell ubuntuneil_ about samba
gstreamer0.8-pluggins or gstreamer0.8-all
I currently have a dual boot system and I would like to grab more space from the windows partition and add it to my ubuntu partition.  Is this possible?
yes with gparted
its drag and drop easy, just make sure you backup
Hello?
Is Bluey here?
/whois Bluey will tell you
sudo modprobe snd-bt-sco  I get:   FATAL: Module snd_bt_sco not found.
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/BluetoothAudio
 are these instructions for Alsa? Are they going to work with PulseAudio in Karmic???
raven3*7 search for all kde packages by synaptic and remove what you do not want
thats reallly not that easy
if i remove kubuntu-desktop with aptitude could that work?
 disk would be full of them
and it was only an example
install deborphan
can anyone tell me, the exact command to run ''dpkg configure -a''  I'am on beta and i the middle of broken installation, ANYONE ?
sudo dpkg --configure -a
or sudo apt-get install -f
Can anyone advise on any Point of sale/service management software that will run on Ubuntu?
sugar crm ?
there are quite a few php based ones which will run on any linux
I have a problem, im not sure what i did but now the boot loader shows 2 Ubuntu's... both the same
are you sure they are exactly the same, one digit might be different
quite possibly
how do i reset my nickname in irc
#freenode for such quests;  /nick NewName
i am unable to login to #freenode
Back to my original question about uninstalling GNOME in favor of LXDE: I want to completely remove the GNOME desktop environment and use applications associated with LXDE only, which is why a complete reinstall is appealing to me.
Will just doing sudo apt-get remove gnome-shell and possibly sudo apt-get autoremove work?
no you would have to remove everything that has to do with gtk and qt and then replace thim with whatever lxde uses
I have a HUGE issue.
So, like.. How do you manually eject a disk drive? I got something stuck in it that belongs to me.
Did you try 'eject cdrom'
Does anyone know if 12.04 supports Thunderbolt with a simple VGA output dongle on a Macbook Pro 2001?
I'd put money on 'no'
Thanks...but not what I was hoping to hear.
how do i copy my home directory to another partition to make sure I keep everything intact?
then i will merge items as needed to my new home directory
You can use gparted to make another partition (if you haven't already) then mount the new partition, and just do cp -ax /home/$USER /media/newpartition
how do i get stuff to run at login?
Look at /etc/profile.d/
thanks
has anyone here installed KDE in Ubuntu and do you face any problems?
is it advisable to install KDE in Ubuntu or should i go in for Kubuntu?
there's no problem install KDE in Ubuntu. Install the package kubuntu-desktop, and you'll be fine
hi. I installed a pack call python-matplotlib on my Ubuntu 8.04.3 LTS. his version is 0.91. I would like to update just this package (not entire system) to his newer version that is 0.99. how I do that?
I use apt-get
probably the only option is to install from source
Hi, is there a way to make the terminal ignore a newline in a command?
hmm #bash would be more suitable
thats ok
Why is there no default icon set which supports both kde and gnome apps in the gnome panel menu?
good question
what errors do you see running gdmflexiserver from a terminal ?
when someone tells you to run demsg to find the problem.... what are you suposed to look for? i have a screen full of text...  nothing familiar in there.
something that looks like an error
it starts blank, yes
can't get 3d desktop cube to work :s
:(
what doesn't work?
you can toggle the process with fg and bg
fg gets it back so you can manipulate it.
i'm have process clive [ cli based you tube downloder ] .It suspended becuase i'm  disconnected from internet becuase of some reason .I want it to resume .Can you tell me how to do that ?
when we download a package by Synaptic, where is it saved?
the package itself is saved in /var/cache/apt/archives/
you would need to download that package's .deb and the packages for anything else that it requires, then put the packages on a cd or dvd
does anyone have problem to use alfa wireless card with ubuntu driver
does anyone have problem with ubuntu rtl driver
i cant find anything specific too that manufactuer, can you run lspci | grep wireless
I tried copying a file using cp <file> <directory>, apparently the file was already in the directory and my system crashed.
It should ask I think. If you use the option 'cp -i <file> <folder>' it will ask if you want to overwrite
Just that the default behaviour seems to be different on different distros, and I can't remember Ubuntu's
Is ubuntu the best OS for running a server, or is it CentOS, or Fedora C5
it depends on your needs
if fedora works for you, then stick with it
does ubuntu have some sorta device manger where i could turn off sound cards and enable a main one?
PulseAudio
For pulseaudio you need to wait for Hardy :)
does anybody know where ubunut stores sources when you do an apt-get sources install ?
I am not sure if that's what you want, but check /var/cache/apt/archives/
thanks
any1 know where i can learn to use vi editor
vimtutor
whats that?
Hi ubuntu guys
Can somebody tell me how to install a debian package file?
what program are you wanting?
what file do I need to modify to allow ssh connection in Ubuntu 5.10.  Do I add a line to hosts.allow?
trying to connect TO or FROM a Ubuntu box?
trying to connect TO or FROM a Ubuntu box?
hi, I use Ubuntu 10.4, where can I find menu.lst ?
its grub2 now so not there
there is, but none in the repos
Well, I don't see linux having total Desktop domination anytime soon.
It's still way too buggy for general users.
spiderworm: Can we please take the Linux vs Windows discussion to another channel?
Hi All: I need to update latest version of my Thunderbird in my Ubuntu 7.4. The provided version is 1.X and now there is 2.0 version. HOW/Where to update from the synaptic so that I could use that application from Applications itself. I am a very new user to Ubuntu
check http://ubuntuzilla.wiki.sourceforge.net/
checked, but could not do it totally understand it
hi, i'm a newbie in Linux, i instaled Ubuntu 5.10 and tried to run 'gcc' here is the error it gave me bash: gcc: command not found
, what am i doing wrong
install build-essential
VMware Server, its FREE
Virtual Machine
the source xode is available?
ugh...
in gentoo the drive shows up as /dev/sda however in ubuntu there's no /dev/sda (I'm guessing ubuntu uses udev)
 yup....    /media/sda
Hello guys. Do you have in mind the best partition manager for windows. (even if i have to pay)
!partition
partition magic is a good 3rd party partition tool too
What do you have against ndiswrapper?
nothing, but when advising on what card to buy its best to advise against one that requires proprietry windows drivers
makes sense
hi guys
where can i get linux comiler
are you gong to do all of the same questions as yesterday then?
monkey: please turn that off
New Installation, I'll turn off that right now, sorry...
thanks :-)
Thanks ubottu
What do u mean !webcam | judget_ Titan8990?
that gets the bot to tell you about webcams
I don't appreciate Evolution and miss Opera Mail dearly. Are there any alternative applications with the same mail sorting system as Opera (similar to gmail)?
You could use Opera Mail.
The Edgy version should work.
gaim - is there an option to get a history of lines typed, kinda like uparrow in bash?
ctrl+up
 thanks.  any idea if there is a setting to make it just up?
boss_mc
  do you have an ubuntu support question?
well, he obviously is not at his keyboard at the moment...
uname -r says I have 2.6.12-10-amd64-generic, but apt-cache search shows only kernel-source-2.6.11 - wrong version. Where do I get the latest kernel-source package? Please advise..
have you got the right repository for apt cache ?
I run dist-upgrade and got the kernel 2.6.12, so I asume the repository is correct
does any know how i can get a hot box for verizon fios hdtv box
hello
hi
I installed ubuntu gutsy on an external hard drive but whenever I try to boot from it it says grub error 22. How do I fix this? Someone please help!!!!!!!!!!
I installed ubuntu gutsy on an external hard drive but whenever I try to boot from it it says grub error 22. How do I fix this? I really am in a hurry, I need this fixed before the new year. Its a gift for someone. Please help me.
try this http://www.neowin.net/forum/lofiversion/index.php/t405091.html
Is there a place in Ubuntu where I can see information on all of my hardware, like the My Computer properties in Windows?
lspci
or if you like GUIs.... (boo for GUIs)  system -> preferences -> hardware information
I have a pogram that I want to fork.  I have been using something like ./fold1.exe &   the program runs like I want it to til I exit the ssh connection.  What can I do so that the program forks and I can still keep running the program after I disconnect the ssh connection
or use screen
very cool program
hi
what is a good anti virus for linux?
most people use something called... 'Linux' :)
oi`
posso eu ter alguma ajuda com ubuntu
eu nao fala portuguesse , vc fala english?
how to encrypt home folder after installation ?
use ecryptfs, theres a hwoto in the wiki (iirc)
iotop
Can someone teach me how to find where a program is installed?
through apt-get
that's not how linux works your program's files are all over
Canonical started up in order to create Ubuntu and sponsor further development
there are some other projects in the works, but they're not public yet
don't get too hung up on the 'sponsored' distinction, the core Ubuntu team are all Canonical employees right now
does anyone know how to view edit the gaim buddy list
You right click the entires to remove, or you do Buddies -> Add to add new buddies
Buddies -> Show Offline Buddies
How do I upgrade to a new ubuntu release from the command line?
I'd do it with the gui but my video card's a bit touchy
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UpgradeNotes will link to whichever specific upgrade you're doing
How to command in terminal to see one's graphic card driver version?
ls
lshw
which version of java is suitable for my system?
which version of java suitable for my system?
sun java has the widest compatibility
anyone know where to get a flash plugin for firefox 3?
have you installed ubuntu-restricted-extras?
it gives you all non-free stuff
>>>> To anyone >>>>> Is it possible to install Feisty on a PC with XP, and not damage the XP installation?
yes
Do I have to manually edit the partition table?
any one tried firestarter auto start in feisty?
please ask in #ubuntu+1
ok, thnx
excuse me but what is the standard file system for Ubuntu 6.06 ?
-- ext3
-- np :)
Lee_: the only reason why you would want to use sarge is if you have a server
then why is my desktop system running Sarge?
well that's your problem
How do I update just one package with aptitude?
aptitude install packagename
Thanks!
anybody know where does firestarter keep logs?
where can if find firestarter logs?
I'm going to guess that they might be in /var/log/syslog
Does anyone know how i can change the root password?.. I set it, but it doesn't seem to work anymore.
Does anyone know how I can login as the administrator (root) from the login?.. I just tried it and it said 'the system administrator is not allowed to login from this screen'
GDM won't let root login
looking for help with vmware on ubuntu
anyone have experience with setting up vmware-server
I tried virtualbox
The best I've got is to use 'apt-file search', if it's not already installed, for which you'll first need to install the apt-file package.  This assumes that termstructures is a pymodule that can be found in some Ubuntu package, which it may not be...
Its a packaging error...the file termstructures is in quantlib-examples but is '.gz' -- unzipping it makes it work
Good to know.  Report a bug, please - that way it might get fixed.
this isn't a performance issue, the machine crashes immediately upon Xorg startup.
and crashing is also a problem, some cards GMA950 included have even worse problems ... the second link provides some fixes
I just added the updated packages described in the howto and edited my xorg config file.  Exactly the same behavior- vertical lines if I do startx, if I let the machine boot I get a scrambled screen with a barely-discernable ubuntu logo
does anyone knows about the problem i described?
no..but its sounds frustrating
have you tried doing a search on the ubuntu forums for someone who may have had a similar issue?
could someone help me so that i can ssh into my new Ubunu box from my laptop
i just downloaded the Ubuntu today
on the box you want to ssh into you do this: sudo apt-get install openssh-server then on the other box you type ssh -C username@ip-of-otherbox
i have 11.10 and i hate unity.  i want to get a desktop that's not as bloated.  someone recommended xfce which seems to be basically xbuntu
yeah.. xubuntu is ubuntu with XFCE desktop
I'm using XFCE
hi.. 'connection refused: 22' im trying to ssh, I dont have a firewall only a router, does my router block port 22 on default or what+
are you trying to access it from OUTSIDE or from inside your network?
im to ssh into my guest os on vmware, i tried ssh localhost from my guest os (vmware) but it said connection refused
Where do i find logs?
the bot is broken !logs doesnt work
/var/log
balkkheim: is there a place where I can get a list of all the ubottu commands?
no idea bro, i only know a few from seeing them posted here so many times
same here
will an ubuntu live cd boot the kernel off the cd, cause i think my hd kernel is fubar'd
no
the LiveCD is totally self-contained
hey, a script I'm trying to run is asking me to install /usr/bin/time — any idea how? Or where can I find time so I can link it?
the 'time' package, but it should be installed
there's a bash builtin time too
Heya. I get a 'The X11 driver is missing.  Check your build!' when trying to run wine. Any ideas on how to correct this? I tried reinstalling my ati-drivers to no avail, got the idea that it's something basic I'm missing here...
/join #winehq
k thanks
Just need to know the default order of the window controls in the new order.  Anyone can answer... just gotta look in the top left corner of any open window...
Can you guys not see what I'm saying or something?
we can see read what you type, yes
what was the name of the program which makes .bin and .cue fails .iso fails ?
bchunk?
yes thanks
Does ne body know how much time will it take for the server to get back on track????approx3
katalyms yes it is important i just formatted my com and i need Java run time
you can get a torrent here http://giannaros.org/tor/bt/
hello
what's up ?
how are you installing ubuntu if you are here =
hey guys, do remove vnc connections HAVE to be made via an ssh tunnel or can I forward port 5900 and have the remote user connect like that?
you can, but all text is transmitted in the clear
ok, for some reason what I read made it sound like it HAD to be done via an SSH tunnel
#omg!ubuntu!
'init' was replaced by upstart
kdenlive
why dosen't this work sudo chown sidney: /media/Music/backup
no such file or dir
you dont have a group so do sudo chown sidney:sidney /media/Music/backup
Is anyone getting bombared like mad with file transfer requests on freenode
Unfortunately my client cant ignore them alltogether
Please see above.
!nvidia | shawn34
like I said, I originally had a nvidia 6150 and everything was fine. so nvidia drivers are already installed
different card different driver perhaps
can you do a remote desktop with ubuntu? like someone else remotly connecting to my machine?
you can  do that
VNC is one
does anyone know how to shutdown 'X' server so i can install the latest nividia drivers?
nah bucky they disabled that lol.
that page expalins how to install the driver manually (though I admit it's not right at the start).  Hopefully you read about the preferred method to install nvidia drivers before installing things manually though.
does anyone know anything about 'RAID 1'? We're having a minor dissagreement here and I think I'm
does anyone know anything about 'RAID 1'? We're having a minor disagreement here in the office about a technical point (in which i think I'm right)
 not off hand but you could try the ##linux channel :)
does anyone have any idea why the install gui on the installation cd would keep flickering?
is there a way to install ubuntu without using the default gui?
there is no gui in breezy install....
does ubuntu development include linux core development or just picking up new software that work together?
I don't think ubuntu do much original kernel work
#ubuntu+1 ?
Hi - Using a dual boot - had problems with one partition and lost my grub boot loader - can I get this back by booting to Ububtu CD ?
SJrX; is it fairly straight forward to fix?
correction, first link
Is it at all possible to have to instances of the same program installed/running (specifically firefox) both using different configurations?
you could do something silly like running it as another user; otherwise it's up to the application to know how to support multiple configuration
might just do that then...
question !? after the 9.10 upgrade my video files avi, flv, are messed up the blues and reds seem switched almost like a negative any help would be great!
'any help would be great!' <- Please do not install foreign DEB program packages.
i dont think i have downloaded any foreign DEB program packages. i thought it maybe a codec issue but when i go to youtube the video is fine
Hello, all. Is this the tech, or community room?
both of them
no crying though
someone/anyone help me with how to use the repositories to add applications so i can install them ?!?
install synaptic and use its repository config tool
http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/apt-howto/index.en.html
chmod?
Why do you want to change permissions on the device node?
follow along dear sir
does anyone know if usb-creator-gtk has even worked on windows?
I need a tool that will let me install ubuntu on the usb partition
you mean like on a usb stick
hello
anyone know how to crack IBM content manager for series 6
not here
question of the day.. will Linux ever become popular? if the community doesnt get it together... NO
this is offtopic. Do you have an actual support question?
general chat in #ubuntu-offtopic please
how can i configure wich programs should start in my kde session ?
if you wan to add programs loading at your kde session you can make a file in the .kde/Autostart directory
in your K menu, in configuration you should have boot up manager
is it just me or there haven't been any updates for horay since the release?
that's the idea of releasing it
k
where are my irc conversations logged to
i use xchat
what client?
can someone tell me if it can run need for speed Shift in ubuntu 9.04?
and if it can how can this be accomplish
-  i wouldn't  -
Is lucid supposed to have a boot splash screen?
Yes.
I dont have one.
jerbear→ the release notes contains everything you need to be aware of
can you point me to the release notes?
i do, every time i've used that config tool, it seems to mess my xorg.conf file up more
anybody knows what it takes to start the linux from scratch project?
www.linuxfromscratch.???
its a .org site
it won't
??
mk2fs and vfat are not compatible
Hey, I have a pretty big problem now...
My trash can disappeared.
right click on the panel and re-add it.
can i use network manager and be in monitor mode?
Define 'monitor mode'
wireless mode for cracking wep and shit
you mean 20 maybe ?
2Gb for $20?  Where do you shop?
in france it's about 15-25€ for 2GB. let's say 25-40 $
hi, is okay to ask a question how to detect and/or clean a file from dos/windows linefeeds ?
I am trying to code a litte bash-shellscript here and it gives some confusing errors.. perhaps there is invisible chars in that destroys it. (I did start the writing of it on a windows98-computer)
you can try 'dos2unix' or 'unix2dos' packages, which are conversion utils that might 'fix' bad line endings (the most common Windows <-> Linux text problem)
ryufreak hover your cursor over the virtual desktop switcher, and scroll your mouse wheel...
I run 6 usually
Ah :) that one I did not mean but works fine , I ment the xfce4 way
is there a terminal command to show how much memory my kernel can see?   does free work?
cartoon cat... free works... am trying to figure out why ubuntu wont recognize my last gig of RAM
how much memory?
anyone running a dell 1350 wireless card?
initab edit, run level 3 i believe
thanks
or actually
Hobbsee_, !
hehe
Err:508
what was your question
shouldn't need a reinstall. just follow the 'lost grub' instructions
hot damn! the option NvAGP set to 1 in xorg.conf DOES fix suspend problems with nvidia-glx-new!
well i fixed something on a computer today, i can go to bed. night all. good luck xavura and stephenz
thanks
trism:pkg-config --libs gtk+-2.0
-pthread -L/usr/local/lib -L/usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu -lgtk-x11-2.0 -lgdk-x11-2.0 -latk-1.0 -lgio-2.0 -lpangoft2-1.0 -lpangocairo-1.0 -lgdk_pixbuf-2.0 -lm -lcairo -lpango-1.0 -lfreetype -lfontconfig -lgobject-2.0 -lgmodule-2.0 -lgthread-2.0 -lrt -lglib-2.0
Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.
!gutsysources | xtknight
i have all repositories enabled including backports.  however, sun-java6-plugin does not exist on amd64.  is this a bug?  http://packages.ubuntu.com/gutsy/sun-java6-plugin
nope, sun didn't make one
hey guys a little simple question, how much space would an ubuntu server install take?
ah, but around 10 gig? but if you just need it for apache,ftp,rtorrent and irssi ... isnt there any way to make it smaller?
the base install is like 5-600 mb
uhm.. bit confused
shouldnt' the kde package install all the kde stuff necessary to run kde?
 yes?
Damn... :(
Somebody please tell me what would be the ideal partitioning for Karmic on 20GB space and 2GB RAM...
there is no ideal.
anyone has a good article on 'why ubuntu' or something like that?
why choose ubuntu over linux
first of all you must have SCIM setup available
is it THEORETICALLY possible to make games run equally fast in linux as in windows?..
or better.. practically :)
yeah
hi, I'm using ruby ripper, and I keep getting the error: 'Cdrom drive sr0 does not exist on your system! Please configure your cdrom drive first'
try having it use /dev/cdrom
I tried that also
i want it Daft_Punk
i said msg me
is going to be the next ubuntu code name ?
i uninstalled something via apt-get and all the configs and things are still there; is it possible to rid of them w/o going through one by one?
sudo apt-get remove --purge next time
ah thanks
Can anyone help me with a dualboot question?
I have Win98 installed on one of four partitions on my harddrive.  I read that the Ubuntu installation comes with a re-partitioner, but i want to be DEAD sure I dont destroy existing data...will my existing data be protected?
you can only be SO sure
!64
!64bit
I do not agree with the bot
Where is the root's Trash folder located?
/root/.Trash
/anyuser-dir/.Trash
What's the channel for the next Ubuntu release? #ubuntu+1 ?
correct
Thanks.
hey, where is the SSH public key stored?  i'm tryin to find it to upload to a server for authentication
you want to log in with out a password?
it should be stored in ~/.ssh
ahoy. what cli tool can i use to show current data transfer rates? (want to measure file copy speed between hdds)
it's too bad the file copy dialogue doesn't estimate the speed :o
if you have a pipeline you can use cpipe. If that makes no sense, don't worry.
How can I list which processes are running on my system, and which are taking up the most resources?
Thank you all...I have made some change to my system that is causing the keyboard to behave poorly every 10 seconds or so
Or, System ->Administration -> System Monitor
what do i after install them  the nvidia drivers
run & hide :)
when you're lucky :)
how do i get an overview of my machine after hardware detection?
lshw
i don't see my webcam, bluetooth, IR and digital TV tuner in there
tell wifi_warrior about sshd
bot doesnt work for unregistered nicks?
yes ubotu does
anyone know how progress is on maemo desktop for ubuntu mobile and embedded? worth porting to devices?
can i use pidgin for IRC? xchat kinda sucks.
yes you can
Hi every one , i really need your help :'( i've installed Crunchbang On a USB (8Go) and i can't boot on other system because i have error 21 on boot :( Can someone help me ?
thanks i will try in this chanel
join the channel #crunchbang
SDDDDDDDDDDDDDD=============================================================================================
SDDDDDDDDDDDDDD=============================================================================================
Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.
who do I complain to about flash 9 being broken in linux.. still ?
no-one
it is a known bug and being resolved
rsync DsXack
or .. more comfortble rdiff-backup/backintime
thanks
zambezi: tar -xjf
try xjvf instead
It does give you detailed error info...
please, i sak again. All Ubuntu users has to start form a bootable cd every time?
ask
what do you mean? When u first install ubuntu u have to do that from a bootable device
do you at least have a floppy drive?
I have a floppy drive but I do NOT have a floppy disk
then I would suggest getting one soon. Since your computer can't boot from cd-rom, then the chance is small that it can boot from usb.
Hi Guys, some1 knows how to force to delete a file with mouse.... drag and drop + Ctrl in the trash???Maybe???thanks!
just try your own suggestion. Or control + delete key.
ctrl + delete does not work?
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=451764
why I can see this?
Looks like an obsolete page has been removed.
is it normal that on a X1600 mobile ati i get only up to 15fps on a opengl application with no superordinary gfx on ubuntu with ati drivers just installed ? i have 1600Mhz
 what resolution?
i think its 1200x1024 or somethin like that
!root | starke
 apparently there is
sudo wont accept my user password
how do i mount a drive through gfnome so its just mounts it everytime (for example i have a /media/storage01 which i setup during install and it just mounts itself to my desktop without a hassle but i dont know how to make the drive i connect just do the same but /media/storage02) i have done it the fstab way but i want it to ahve samenaming as tehother drive
it doesn't automount?
no
yes but i dont want to be hacked by my ignorance
both ways
will that allow 'anyone' in?
tuxguitar maybe?
genii, DasEi: Thx bud, I'll try out some from apt-cache search guitar
tuxguitar is pretty much a guitarpro clone, make sure to select timidity in the sound section of preferences if you hear no sound at first
http://ars.userfriendly.org/cartoons/?id=19990730&mode=classic
Oops, wrong channel, sorry
that comic is brilliant
salu
im french
-> #ubuntu-fr
is there something in the rules that forbids asking about ndiswrapper?
well i've been asking about it forever
 there's alot of info about ndiswrapper on the ubuntuwiki, forums and google
is the code to change nickname '/nick <desiredname>' ?
yes
thanks
where is the option for removing stuff without putting it in the Trash in gnome ?
There's an option in the Preferences window for GNOME File Browser. I'm not using GNOME right now, so I don't remember what exactly it's called
got it, thanks
 
before upgrading from 11.04 to 11.10 i had 3 menus at the top (applications, places, system) and a task bar on the bottom. now i have a sidebar that auto hides. how do i get back to the way it was before upgrading?
install the package ubottu said.
I loaded a bad ppa and now Synaptic only starts long enough to report the error. How can I edit the repo list with Synaptic closed?
/etc/apt/sources.list.d/
there should be a files called like the ppa. remove that file
hello, I have a frozen terminal on tty1 (the one you get by pressing ctrl-alt-F1). Is there anyway I can ether kill it so that tty is active again or unfreeze it ?
ta
ps -ao pid,tty | grep -i tty1 | grep -Eo '^[0-9]+' | xargs -L 1 kill
did ubuntu 8.10 stop using /etc/X11/xorg.conf? if so what configuration files does it use? Or how may I tweak it?
it now auto-detects. if you think you are smarter than it you can still get an old-style config file by running X -configure
thanks, what does X do? there is no man page?
lol may be there is one ;p
lol may be there is one ;p
ya~
anyone know of a netbook that does not come pre-loaded with windows?
dell mini 9
thanks
forg-> am curious, what happens if you turn them off from /etc/modprobe.d/aliases ?
I haven't tried that, gimme two seconds to give it a whirl
they don't appear in aliases: or do I need to add them to it to turn them off?
Hello I am force installing 32 bit driver for printer on 64 bit system, and I get many dependence errors, what I need to install
Hello I am force installing 32 bit driver for printer on 64 bit system, and I get many dependence errors, what I need to install
you will need to pull down the deb for the deb, extract the file and copy .so file to /usr/lib32
Whats the best ubuntu forum to post/read about uprade errors in?
http://ubuntuforums.org/forumdisplay.php?f=140
thanks
sudo gedit /file
even as root it says permission denied
: Ah...well...thats the end of the line for me helping you...lol im a newbie :(
exershio: you might be able to use the i810 and then edit xorg.conf to include your resolution
I've tried 915resolution and EVERYTHING, there is no way to get my resolution working haha. Isn't there a way to get the new intel driver working with Direct Rendering? with 915resolution, it left my computer starting up with a black screen instead of the logon screen, rendering it useless.
I just don't get how to solve this. The new intel driver for Feisty work fine with everything EXCEPT direct rendering. The old i810 driver works for direct rendering, but it won't let me choose my custom resolution. Why can't there be a driver that works with both?
hello to everyone
i removed window xp and installed win7 so after that i again install grub from livecd but now i have grub showing winxp ,win7 and ubuntu.Plz help
update-grub yet?
How to i install skype ? please help me
download it. 'dpkg -i skypeXX.deb' and 'sudo apt-get install libqt3-mt'
dpkg: requested operation requires superuser privilege
Hello I HAD windows and linux duel boot , and last night i was thinking of fornat ,and i did yeah it worked until i figure out that i had the cdkey in my older windows xp and now ;:( yeah i am stuck in this **** where it asks me to enter inn the cdkey :( and i dont have , is there a way to bring back the old windows xp?
so i can get back my cdkey
there is no way of getting the key back
Recently, I tried to install gnome3 for a friend of mine on his 11.04 install. Sadly, it failed miserably and I just reinstalled over the whole thing. Can someone direct me to a useful gnome3 tutorial for ubuntu?
what's bad about it?
It failed to boot.
Hey, I am having an issue with my computer crashing about every 2 hours. I have reinstalled video card drivers (nvidia), and have now went back to default drivers (horrible res), but it is still happening
Can anyone give me some guidance into what files to look into to figure out what is going on ?
is your RAM healthy?
hi all im trying to watch a dvd for the first time and its choppy any idea's how to fix this
how do i fix choppy dvd playback
what are you using to play it?
is there anybody who is drunk in here?
stay on topic, please
#ubuntu-offtopic
Hi everybody. compiz --replace doesn't work, any idea?
/join #compiz
thanks
hm, I wonder how i can tell which ethernet card model# is in my old pc :/
xubuntu refuses to recognize that it is indeed a card
lspci
cute, but ubuntu-offtopic :)
are you female? only a girl would say cute lol
lol
Question: Do guys suggest an upgrade from Hoary to Breezy or a format fresh install ?
Question: Do guys suggest an upgrade from Hoary to Breezy or a format fresh install ?
 upgrade is the debian way :)
If you deleted your linux partition how can you fix grub to allow you to boot into windows, or alternativley just reinstall the mbr for windows ive tried using ms-sys doesnt seem to be working
Also would it be a big deal if I write the mBR to a partition that isnt where the MBR goes
##windows can help you reinstall the windows mbr
is there any log of the things apt-get just did to my system?
/var/log/dpkg.log
of course
why's my serious question ignored?
when will money be abolished?
never
anyone know a cool white mac-ish style theme
there's a huge quantity of OSX-styled themes on GNOME Look.
oh nice
Where is xorg.conf in ubuntu 5.04 please
/etc/X11/
eek
Do i need ESSID for an open access point?
Amaranth - Would Linksys be best? - suggestion?
you need to tell the computer what network to connect to, so yes, you would need to specify the ESSID
Hello, I am using Ubuntu 5.10, strangely when I download through FTP - After X's minutes my linux stucks and I must restart for fixing this problem - Any clue why it happens?
Tomcat, as a matter of fact I have just installed Ubuntu (like a week ago), I did download a few times through the browser, it worked quite well, but it stucks when I use FTP
I' having the same problem, browser' s getting real slow too !
how to remove program installed from source?
look at its Makefile if it has a de-install target or clean all
there's SudoBash willing to assist in your coding needs
Matt____: Administration->startup programs
I dont find anything named like this
yeah, i dont find it
there is no root on ubuntu FireBeard stryke297
!root
explain yourself
Isn't ESC supposed to stop GRUB and give me its menu/prompt?
hold shift instead
shift didn't seem to do anything either..
The file '/home/stronze/Desktop/LotusForms351.EXE' is not marked as executable.  If this was downloaded or copied form an untrusted source, it may be dangerous to run.  For more details, read about the executable bit.
gopher_ - any chance i know you?
right click on it and go to Properties.. there will be a warning that you can clear
i stand corrected
anyone know how to configure irssi to automatically join irc.freenode.net change my nick and msg nickserv?
I do
I clean-installed 10.04 recently, and now I have no sound control icon in the panel, and I can't seem to find it anywhere.
I have to get to sound properties through the system menu, or else use keyboard shortcuts to change the volume.
I am having the same issue, but mine just disappeared about a minute ago.
hello - new to ubuntu - I need to set my hsync and vsync rates for x11 (autodetected too low). Can I just edit xorg.conf or do I have to use some control panel to do it?
open a terminal and enter 'sudo displayconfig-gtk'
apparently I need to install that
i find k3b simple
terminal is slow for mattt?
to open initially, yes :)
Why such a short EOL space for 8.10, one day?
I am getting from a FTP server, screw seeding with you lot heh heh
uh wrong one.   j2bv16 ^
what does it mean when it says WARNING: This will destroy all data on any partitions you have removed
When it says WARNING: This will destroy all data on any partitions you have removed does that mean my ENTIRE Harddrive will be wiped
it means that if you tell it to use 100G on a 200G partition it will wipe that 100G for itself
how do change the permission for the /usr folder? it wont let me?
CAN someone please help me?
what error does it give you? Or does it say nothing?
i did a command line install... how do i install and/or start X?
hmm says X is missing get it with apt-get install sxerver-xorg which is 'not available, but is referred to by another package...'
I assume sxerver was a typo and should have been xserver, right?
Anyone know how to specify that double-clicking a window title should cause it to maximize (rather than minimize)?
That's a window manager thing, not sure if Gnome allows that (It's relatively inflexible these days), but I'm sure there's window managers out there that will allow you to configure that behaviour.
I warn you that it is much more usual to minimize or 'shade' a window if you doubleclick on it.
does anyone know how to list all avaidable packages in the repos in command line ??
^^ that was for you ... (sorry bazhang)
or run: lynx 'http://packages.ubuntu.com/lucid/allpackages'
what command displays nic addresses?
ifconfig
putty
I don't know what WPA is, hehe
wi-fi protected access. new wireless routers/APs support WPA-PSK (pre-shared-key) which changes the key every hour and is much stronger than WEP
and then there's 802.11i which uses AES which is better still
Hello, I'm pretty new to Ubuntu and have a small question. I've installed Java, and want to open all .jar's with Java by default. However, it's not on the 'Open With' list. How can I add it to the list and/or open .jar's with it by default?
You probably get this a lot, but thanks in advance. :)
use ubuntu-tweak
hey how can i disable SMART monitoring so it doesnt pop up those alerts at the startup about bad sectors on my HDD
?
don't you want to detect bad sectors in your hd?
hello
has anyone used wubi to install linux
wubi is an unofficial install method and not supported
I am trying to get drivers for ATI card installed using X11
what's the problem?
read the manual
Before we get into it, she's running Kubuntu 9.04. Does this make a difference?
I'll double check the Kubuntu CD
So I suppose that you can't be sure whether those files are on the CD?
Is anyone here familiar with SMC swithes
SMC-EZ108 to be exact
you around?
Partition Tragic =/
per user sessions, or systemwide?
- per user
Hey.
I just ran the live version of Ubuntu it automatically recognized my Ineternet does that mean if I do a hard install then it will too?
yes
0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 2 not upgraded. Could not open lock file /var/lib/dpkg/lock - open (13 Permission denied)
E: Unable to lock the administration directory (/var/lib/dpkg/), are you root?
prefix the command with sudo
hello everyone, is there a termina command to know whether i'm running on nouveau nvidia drivers or nvidia restricted current drivers? Thank you very much
lsmod | grep nvidia
And, well, lsmod | grep nouveau
Hi
@Everyone: Who here is experienced with laptops running Ubuntu?
no @ needed on irc
sorry people, i didnt know it
is root equals admin??
- yes
Hey guys, i have downloaded a .deb package and modified the postinst file, now when i repack it, i get that the deb files i corrupted or has missing permissions. You guys have any idea why? :)
i have tried to remake the md5 by the way, and also tried to remove it completely
I think when you are trying to make modifications, you should download the source code and edit that and compile or make a .deb file
Can anyone help me install mplayer on dapper drake, tried a few FAQ/howto, but apt-get keeps saying that there is no package 'mplayer'
you got to add the universe binary location
or something like that
Good pooint.
you should save that webpage to a file, before its lost, then worry about printing.  seeing as you paid for it
I've saved it, but I seem to recall it didn't get through save/reload very well the last time I had to deal with it, and since he's going to be dealing with burueacrats...
can you have 2 different users logged in on 2 different screens?
  how do you set that up?
you can by using LTSP- but I'm not sure if that's what you are looking for.
i have a problem with my laptop and I and completely lost
if you explain your problem then people will know whether they can help or not
what does the screen look like when it's freezing?
I need javasupport for my browser, which package should I install?
too much hassle
too much hassle? you add a repo and install....
what are you using, Gnome or KDE?
nope
no clue then :P i use kde
how do i setup ubuntu to use alsa ?
system > preferences > sound
oh so easy :P thanks!
Are there some packages that are in Ubuntu Server Edition but not Ubuntu/Kubuntu/etc. ? 'sudo apt-get install alfresco-community' doesn't work here
(unlike as implied on http://www.ubuntu.com/partners/alfresco )
The partner repository is not enabled by default.
I don't know why I'm telling you this but I see all Linux terminals as something holy (I'm a windows user mainly)
I bet ubottu runs windows.
are you trolling?
cant find anything with 'apt-cache search mdf iso'
cant find anything with 'apt-cache search mdf iso'
cant find anything with 'apt-cache search mdf iso'
how do I kill all wine applications?
try... ...'kill -9 `pgrep wine`'
thanks
is there a channel for karmic questions?
#ubuntu+1
thanks
what is the best and Fastest File system out there ?
ext3
is okay, too, but ext3 is best supported
hi all, are there programs that watch for any changes in a web page, (act like rss)?
yes
maybe you can try specto
I've installed the ubuntu server package and I'm trying to compile an application.  The application's configure script complains 'checking whether the C compiler (gcc  ) works... no'
How can I coax out more information about what's wrong with gcc?
configure.log. but you lack stuff like binutils, libc headers, etc
Hi
what USB HDTV tuner sticks are compatable with Ubuntu?
check linuxdvb.org or linuxtv website etc
hi, can anyone help me with sign/encrypt files?
can you sign/encrpyt folders?
yes in a way you can but ubuntu compresses them into an archive and then signs/encrypts the archive
how do I make sure EVERYTHING (every trace, like config-files and databases) are removed when I use 'sudo aptitide remove'?
apritude purge removes both the program and config files
thanks
it works fine.
!es
For my eeepc1000 it works awful. (Freezing is usual deal)
can you give to me UBUNTU LIVE CD ISO'S LINK ?
ok.. sorry.
ubuntu.com, click on download
good morning, can someone help me with this how to: http://www.ivorde.ro/Using_rsync_with_progress_bar-83.html just want to know where i can find ~/.profile to edit ?
Ubuntu doesn't ship with a .profile by default. You can create one and put it there, or use ~/.bashrc instead
thx :)
haha
if they needn't, why do we need?
shut up. What you're saying is stupid.
this is 'administrator' lol that name was the default on my friends system which i am on.... strange
that's, a bad default
i am aware.. like impersonating a police officer, lol
hi
whats the package name for gnutls ?
apt-cache search gnutls
[09:38]  <cafuego_> topyli: find / -name foo -exec rm {}\; <-- so... 'find / -name test -exec rm {}\;'?
If there are system folders named 'test' then that is pretty stupid.
just a thought but what about creating your test folders in /tmp ?
where would i find the terminal output of the last session my computer did before i hard rebooted it?
not logged by default
X logs are in /var/log/Xorg.0.log* and any errors encountered by X programs might be in ~/.xsession-errors
hi, where's the right place to ask KDE specific questions regarding Ubuntu?
usually #kubuntu has better kde knowledge
thanks!
maybe this relates to your question: http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/ubuntu-63/how-do-i-get-mkinitrd-598163/     (#3)
I guess it was removed... I'll give that yaird a try, then. Thanks
not sure if it helps, but have you seen http://www.howtoforge.com/kernel_compilation_ubuntu ?
anybody know Where I found the DVD version of ubuntu in Brazil
under a rock?
hanging from a tree?
 do u know any keybaord shortcut to minimize all windows=show desktop ?
ctrl+alt+d
ctrl+alt+d
erusul:CHIPS?!?! er... macdonnalds? burger king? I dunno! can give u nic names and makes tho
one is onboard intel the other is realtek summut-or-other
is it by any chance an intex?
is there any diffrence between a single port router hooked up to a 4 port switch, and a 4 port router?
pretty much the same
might be a bit more electrical draw using 2 instead of 1... other than that, should provide the same function
when I mount NTFS partition its readonly, how can I get write access to it?
yes you can, i did with other distros.
it's not a good idea to write to NTFS and FAT partitions from Linux.
hi, why there is no partimage in 64bit karmic?
i am using 64 bit 9.10 too, what is partimage?
ohhh thats why meganerd said 'different' hmm :D
where should i extract FP9_plugin_beta_112006.tar.gz?
which would be?
any where just copy the plugin to firefox/plugin
Can someone help me download and install Photoshop CS4? Im a complete moron and Icant for the lif of me figure it out.
Can someone help me get photo shop? I need it for school and ill fail if I dont have it. Im a complete newbie.
gimp
need a hand...
help (about beryl)
beryl help in #ubuntu-effects
Does the iptables firewall run as a process that is picked up by 'ps aux'?
ah... thanks, dud
iptables is the userspace util to manipulate the kernelspace portion called netfilter.
can you get support for the toshiba mp3 player on ubuntu ? (need help)
how to get mp3 to work on ubuntu
describe in greater detail what the problem is and what the device is, and someone might be able to help. also, search the ubuntu forums for your device; i'm sure it's mentioned.
it does already
you dont need to specify tar to be recursive
Oh, that makes sense then... thanks :)
In the forums, how do I move from being a 'First Cup of ubuntu'?
try asking in #ubuntuforums :)
heh, thanks :)
i was looking in ubuntu forums, and was looking for instructions on installing ubuntu from usb. the instructions are a bit confusing, they menton 9.10 and up, and later in the article they mention 8.10 and up.  I want to install 8.10 from usb, is there any special reason i can not do it?
no security updates
asked and answered - yes jordan explained - scroll back
good nite
How can I politely ask a question? ;)
ask it
hello guys. i've had an ubuntu installation on a pentium 4 server and now i want to move the disk (and the very same installation) to a pentium 3 server. so i'm changing all the hardware minus the disk itself. is this possible? what do i need to do in order to accomplish this? (i'm a pretty advanced user)
thanks in advance :)
just swap the drive, it will keep working
how come when run command make...it says command not found?
i think make is part of gnuutils
or maybe build-essential :)
Anyone knows how to change Document Root in Apache? (Installed server as LAMP)
sites-available/default:        DocumentRoot /var/www/  <  have a look at that
Thank you. :)
rocking hi all
i want to use facebook massenger in command mode anyone can help me ?
have a look at bitlbee + irssi
where can i find all equivalent of centos to ubuntu command ?
what is the equivalent of this line ? /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0 for ubuntu
/etc/network/interfaces perhaps?
i have installed flash player but its not working?
:S
there is a deb for gutsy floating around that works
how i can mount / umount USB device from command line ?
how can i mount USB drive from command line ?
same as any other disk, mount and umount
hi all, could you please assist
with what
dont use enter so much
hello there! I'm learning python, and i'm stuck trying to 'integrate' two programs (in two files)... i need to launch the second through the first, passing parameters to it (variables). Is there a good tutorial on how to work with multiple files? thanks
the folks in #python should be able to set you straight
i couldn't find a way to chat there... there is some kind of registration that i can't do.
i cant seem to find the option in unity to prevent locking my computer after inactivity?
are you talking about the setting under 'Brightness and Lock'?
not a problem
ok
when i am trying to compile something on ubuntu, it is always saying like stdlib.c is missing, string.h is missing, assert.h is missing, etc.  what package do i need to install to get all this stuff?
build-essential
*Crossover Office
There's pretty much no need for the office on the end. People will know what you talk about.
And -10 eliteness points for correcting someone. Better thank the heavens that no one is counting.
hi, what is the command to count the number of files in a directory ?
ls -a |wc -l
just subtract one from the answer, since the first line is counted and it is not a file
everytime i turn my pc on i must connect using 'pon dsl-provider'. How i do make the internet connect automatically?
if you use a router type the connection data into the router and you don't have to conect manually
I do'nt use a route
is there some issue with the ubuntu repo's atm?  i'm having trouble with alot of links ubuntu related
ah
lots of traffic?
Hey, im just wondering, is there any way you can request packages to be put into the repo;s
or aleast the edgy repos
yes - #ubuntu-motu is the channel you want
how do i tell which process is using mount.ntfs since it's eating up like 98% of my processor?
sounds like a virus
i have a cron job that runs at midnight every night and that eats it up like that for my security camera's and such i have installed but i was also using p7zip and i wanted to see which was was using that mount.ntfs
happy holiday
what holiday?
(1) it's '8.04', not '804'; (2) 8.04 will be dead in half a year anyway
hi again, is there any way I can make an app autostart?
fuck, i've missed half of the question, sorry, a moment.
language
Is 10 a lot less stable than 9?
 no?  it runs fine for me
I wish it ran fine for me, but when I try to update 9 to 10 on this dell inspiron laptop it hangs
why are you sorry you were having your lunch, was there an aphid on the lettuce?
mado asked a question and i was away! sorry about lunch because i have to eat when a lot of people cant afford
 haha, fair enough
i cant play any sounds um my ubuntu feity fawn....anybody can hekp me?????
how can i see the name of my sound card driver?!?!
in a console, run 'aplay -l'
shall ubuntu go over to postgre as default DB?
there is no default db
and its down to what the package says it can use / suggests, not 'ubuntu'
hello i am looking for help with getting my sound card ALC882 working. I found this solution on the ubuntuforums http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=916586 it worked temporarily until i logged out and now it wont work even after i tried also putting the original code back in save logout -> put new code in again after logging in -> no work -> logout = not working
try alsa force-reload
sudo alsa force-reload
hey there all ... got a dapper cli install that 'needs' a minimal gui whats the key apt-get s to get sat fvwm up and running ?
* say
fvwm isn't minimal gui
hello
cant decide between diiferent things
 this channel is for technical support, not for polls. You have had some suggestions, now stop repeating your question
I have been trying to get cinelerra installed but synaptic keeps spitting out the same garbage that some packages are not installable, why? How do I fix it? An example is 'libquicktimehv: Depends: liblame0 (>=3.97) but it is not installable'
Is anyone familiar with synaptic and willing to help me?
quite a few of us are. Ask your question, and if someone knows the answer, they'll speak up :)
Can someone help me format my usb flash drive to FAT16. GParted is not letting me format it to FAT16 and I NEED it to be FAT16. Please help!!
Can someone help me format my usb flash drive to FAT16. GParted is not letting me format it to FAT16 and I NEED it to be FAT16. Please help!!
vfat is everything Fat so it's fat32 fat16 and just plain fat
Dumb question, how do I type the ' | ' symbol ?
I dont see it
Shift + \
when i go to  /media/Data  via terminal and uses ls there is nothing shown but when igo to Data without terminal just clicking to it all the contents it it are shown
how to solve
go to /media/Data/ in terminal and do a ls al
anyone know a program to record the desktop for ubuntu?
anyone know a program to record the desktop for ubuntu?
No it isn't, and it's not very good. You might try istanbul, which is, and is somewhat better.
i followed the ubuntu readme and it says to add some backports and i copied them exactly and it gave me errors that those directories didnt exist
im trying to get the libdvdcss now
i had the same prob
sorry if this is a stupid question, but how can I copy text from xterm into a gnome text editor/firefox?
mark with clicking left button and dragging over the text, paste with middle button
btw, this is not gnome specific, pasting with middle button is X standard
hello everyone,  quite some time ago i got my gf to switch to ubuntu and she is really happy with it, on sunday i will be installing it on one of her friends computer who, like my gf, is completely computer illiterate. So the most important thing in choosing the right distro is stability. So the question is: should i get her LTS or not?
is there an ubuntu offtopic channel?
#ubuntu-offtopic
ok, how do i join an IRC chanel?
on empathy? anyone?
'/Join #channel name' without ''
is there anything special i need to do to output my ubuntu display to a projector with a cable?
Starnestommy: nope, no good http://pastebin.com/m2bc149bb
try gcc -o output input
Nmap is a scary tool.... >_<
even with a cloak people can get your os on irc
how? packets?
what is the matter about breezy-backports and extras?
huh? backports?
yes.
ok first i have vista and ubuntu two HD's one with vista the other with ubuntu on ubuntu i can see the windows files and hard drive but on windows i cant see the harddrive with linux
You need ext3-drivers for Windows to see the contents of a linux-partition/-drive
Another little 'feature' from Windows to disencourage new Linux-users. A google should give you the drivers needed at the top of the search.
can i make 9.04 look like Mac Leopard?
i asked this b4
Information is for Intrepid, but I assume it doesn't differ much: http://maketecheasier.com/turn-your-ubuntu-intrepid-into-mac-osx-leopard/2009/01/08
why are people volunteering here? what motivates you?
that doesn't really matter, people are here to help.
I am asking because It matters to me at least
sounds like slack
hand slapped...
hwy
hi everyone
why is that my laptop with ubuntu hardy heron only has two workable screens, unlike what i've been seeing to others having four screens? is there a way to make it four?
if you mean Workspaces then simply right click on the switcher (bottom right corner) and change the Columns to however many virtual Workspaces you want (ie. mine is set to 10)
anyone got 64bit flash installed and working with firefox 11.04
sure
how?
hi
how can I enable the new notification system um Jaunty?
Please join #ubuntu+1 for Jaunty/9.04 support/discussion.
is there a way in to run WoW (already installed on windows xp) through ubuntu or will i have to install the game seperately on ubuntu?
I play WoW in Ubuntu...I just copied install folder from XP into my Wine program files directory.  Works great.
I've since wiped XP from my system otherwise I'd give it a try.
alright how about this
can anyone tell me how to reset the entire ubuntu-desktop system to defaults?
reinstall?
what superkaramba thang r we talking about?
mkerby mentioned that something doesn't work with the superkaramba (0.35) in Hoary.
if he can confirm that 0.36 fixes it, I'll upload 0.36 to Breezy.
how do you create a symbolic link to a directory? when I use cp -s it skips directories
ln -s
many thanks
okay guys... its not my system or how my sound is set up... the sound preferences are completely broken in ubuntu. I challenge you... go to your sound precerences tab, disable 'Logout' and then try clicking where the play button WOULD have been if you didn't disable. Guess what? Hear that?
okay guys... its not my system or how my sound is set up... the sound preferences are completely broken in ubuntu. I challenge you... go to your sound precerences tab, disable 'Logout' and then try clicking where the play button WOULD have been if you didn't disable. Guess what? Hear that?
nope, don't hear anything. can't click on anything
lol how can i reboot from terminal?
over ssh >.<
sudo shutdown -r now
Moneydance
What is moneydance?
financial manager software
Dr Willis: I do not like you
Dr Willis: is your 1st name Bruce?
i think he should be fired too!
Hi there
I would ask you guys if can i install Ubuntu and Kubuntu on same laptop without any conflict?
why?
!ppa | DlukZA1
the problem is that 9.0 was deleted from that PPA
are they not backward compatible?
Good evening, good people of Linux.
I have a few tiny and probably simple questions.
ask your question ;)
i dualboot with win7 and ubuntu, is it possible through vm to load win7 while in ubuntu?
yes
use virtualbox
This is where I come to beg for help, right?
I have a Soundblaster X-Fi and it's not working.
asking will do, no need to beg :)
A[D] minS: what are you compiling?
cause i want to install amsn CVS
compiled :)
where do i go to learn how to work linux?
they say linux is better than windows?
for reasons other than userfriendlyness
hi everybody
i've extracted a tarball and want to create an executable by typing make... however i get the error 'make: g++: command not found'
install the build-essential package
hi guys, ive follwoed this tutorial here, https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Mailman, when i send an email to the new list i get the following error 'pipe_transport unset in system_aliases router' in exim4 mainlog...any ideas please? also before i set the aliases and used new aliases command i was getting a unrouteable address error, but that tutorial suggested i wouldnt need to do this
ok cool
#ubuntu-server would also be a good place to ask.  #debian really doesn't handle Ubuntu questions.
thats two mac o/s though, but the mac efi doesnt show the ubuntu disk when you put it in, it does show a windows disk though.. strange
maverick is 10.10 right?
yes
when i try to install xubuntu how come when i bootup the computer it says their is no free memory bewteen 480K and 640K but there is
its 128 MB
that's XMS/EMMS RAM, not the system RAM (to use DOS terms)
find /usr -name '*.png' could work too, IIRC
I can never remember find's parameters
fat32 should be only used as 'last chance'
try easyubuntu
for wat.. multimedia :?
yup. audio/video/plugins. easy breezy
i would like use my own server to store .deb files as a repository for my own debs. i havent been able to find any answers how to do that in google. not sure if im searching for the right thing. how can i set my server up as a repository for my debs?
you want doed a mirror from debs
search for mirror local
Sorry I have a problem with the game 'Tremulous', when start it say 'monitor out of range'
Sorry I have a problem with the game 'Tremulous', when start it say 'monitor out of range'
check autogen.cfg and make sure the screen resolution matches your actual resolution
how to disable display turn off?? Ive set the setting in PowerManagement to never.. but it still turns off by itself
kill gnome-power-manager
how to kill it?
can you please help me with setting up my network? I am running server edition, and it does not seem to be connected to my network.
I am trying to setup a VNC via putty. I have installed everything. It is just that it cannot connect to my network to work.
i dont know, never done that sorry
Is there a command line program that operates like nm-applet, for easy wifi connecting while in Recovery Mode or something.
iwconfig
I know about iwconfig, but it's just to confusing to setup. I was hoping there was something that could do it all automatically like nm-applet does.
louist/greent: i would rather not use automatix. it is always thos way. if u choose any of the game clips on the right side of the main page none of them will work. is there a wa y to cross reference what i have vs. one of u 2?
does anyone know how to make the video's on nfl.com to work? i just get a blank screen when i press play. thanks
 looks like the problem might be server-side. i have the latest flash and it doesn't work for me either
didn't really work
what do you mean by 'didn't really'
I started GDM after I changed ati to vesa and my display just went to power-down mode and stayed black
is there a way to install ubuntu-desktop to a server without getting all the junk I don't want? (openoffice, etc)
you can install the desktop and then remove openoffice
thats just silly...can't I install just the parts I want?
hi, I need to create a file with a certain filesize (> 2Gb) to try something. how do I do this? (downloading some image is not an option)
man dd
dd if=/dev/zero of=file skip=2G count=1
I cant' seen the partition no more and I can't open any other partition
am getting  mount point /media/Moviez doesn't exist
you need to create it
hello
im using irssi. how can you make links clickable?
I don't think you can, just copy paste
hy guys :)
guys express ur opinion due to: The main diferences between ubuntu and debian... how dou think...
take it to #ubuntu-offtopic
whats the ubuntu off topic server name #????
hey does anyone here like ubuntu more than Windows?
I think a lot of us do, you should ask #ubuntu-offtopic though
hey, is there a firefox browser that runs in terminal??????? Or any browser at that
<lubosz> Get it from repo
url? destination folder?!? tutorial :D
anybody know if ubuntu can support an intel(R) PRO/wireless 3945abg network connection card
it can cool
pretty sure my ubuntu supported that card straight off
how can i make english spell check to work instead of the hebrew one - after formatting it stopped again to work
?
maybe you were meant to learn Hebrew
Hi! I'm trying to submit a bug on Launchpad but I get a 'Timeout error'. Should I fill a bug report for that ? ;)
please report that in #launchpad
thanks, doing it right now!
what package do i need to compile programs which need to use the alsa-mixer?
sudo apt-get build-dep alsa-mixer ;)
didnt work ^^
Hi. I'm on a laptop with a touchpad. I'm wondering how to make the compiz cube 3d. How do you zoom out and make it spin? CTRL+ALT+Left/Right/Down is all that seems to work.
How is compiz able to achieve this speed while vista crawls with 1% of the effects
by writing good software
I dont want to waste a cd
;-)
blasphemy! ;)
guys, I went through wireless trouble b4 too..this worked for me: first check for chip...then see if it is already included in Feisty  (most likely is..feisty has good wireless network support)
if you don't like it whay in the world are you here wasting your and my time while reading your comments? :)
because trolling is fun, that is
hi
is this german or english channel?
this is english, german would be #ubuntu-de
hey guys, I need some help on something. I'm a bit new to Ubuntu (running 11.10 64bit) and I want to know if there is any way to make my ubuntu stay better. extentions, programs, etc.
 'stay better'?
 what exactly do you mean by 'stay better'?
HELP! windows doesn't get past the welcome to windows xp screen! I have no idea what to do, I think I screwed up partitons
you might want to go to a windows support channel
not sure, try #windows?
sorry guys if I insist: any change of getting gcc-3.4 on ubuntu 10.04 ?
is an ancient compiler ... any reason you need it  ?
unfortunately yes
Someone in this channel recommended another channel that i can not find in the channel listing it is for musicians who use ubuntu: does anyone have that channel name?
#ubuntu-studio  i guess
FabioTheApe: thanks.. I do not think that is it but thank you for that channel.
how do i prevent ubuntu from changing the namesevers i set in /etc/resolv.conf
unless theres a way to launch that exec from the cmd prompt.
IPs (dynamics/statics) are provided by your ISP
ok.. I need help choosing a good media player. Ubuntu is the only distro I have had problems with using mplayer
what kind of problems ?
try to recompile. i have troubles with mplayer myself.
slate - Sytem>Administration>Hardware
how do I specify my monitor so I can use the correct resolutionH
did you trie displayconfig-gtk?
so what software do most ubuntu users utilize to play proprietary media?
ie. mp3, wma, etc
VLC for me
is there a way to see what is using the Audio ?
 lsof | egrep -i '/dev/dsp|/dev/audio'
thanks
check this out: http://tldp.org/HOWTO/Serial-HOWTO.html
I think that'd depend entirely on the application.  I don't think it'd be exclusive, but I might be wrong.  You could always use pipes to split it up among apps if you required it.
I want to figure out if gtkterm is actually listenin g on the right port. I think it isnt because even when i have it openeed the other device is able to open a serial connection and send the data, I think i'll try this on a windows computer to verify that my device is actually transmitting something, and then see what the problem is here
can't connect to twitter with gwibber. what's the secret? Ubuntu 9.10
do I need to do something from the twitter site side?
use ubuntu lucid or forward that has gwibber with #oauth support
jesus hates linux
he advocates for windows
no trolling please
Are people here disinclined to help with a linuxmint installation problem?
Yes. #ubuntu is for Ubuntu and its official derivatives.
#python
!gksudo | renzo TataraKutere
one week isnt it? still no aiglx (yet!!!!)
ikonia check phoronix, they been testing the drivers recently with pretty spectacular result
is there any tricks to installing ubuntu?
i just pop in the cd right?
And click on the install icon.... and answer the 6 questions;)
my brother just recieved 30 (!) 'ubuntu linux' cd's in a package... he claims it's completely free, no cost at all.... my question is, how the heck can you send these discs out for free, no charge for packaging, nothing? are you trying to commit economical suicide??
you misunderstand -  Ubuntu is well backed and not about profit from software: any icome would be from services etc
like services within the distro?
hi
does anybody know howto send a email with a shellscript?
mail -s 'subject here' <to@email.address>
aparently the game i am trying to run has just said that the program that u are trying to run has had a serious problem with it and had to be shut down
play nethack instead
great graphics
Does anybody know the command for starting the OO.o systray icon?
Thanks endoubt
and Alltray, an app that allows you to dock just about any program there.
Hey. What's an easy way to see a binary file's.. binary? Meaning, sort of like hexdump or od, but literally '00101001 10000110', etc.
I use GHex, if you're using gnome.
man xxd also
Hi everybody! Does any of you guys (or gals) know how to install new desktop themes?
blackstar:  gnome-look.org  download a theme... open desktop preferences -> theme, and drag drop the .tar.gz files you downloaded
yes
jordan_u: yes I do, but it's 9.04 if that matters
jaunty is dead dude
thats cool, I suggest you get at least karmic but preferably Lucid as it'd LTS
bob,come back to M$ win,linux is not for production envilment...Its much slower than XP
linux is for those who enjoy playing  themself...
you speak for yourself, linux is  a lot faster than windows on all hardware I have tried
what am i suppose to do with Debian packages? :p
ty
whatever you want :P
Does anyone know a good command line LAN chat program?  All I know of is ytalk, but it seems to not be used much, anything else?
Aren't both irssi and finch to connect to network protocols?  I want something that I can keep within my own LAN for security?
openfires a good xampp protocal server
Hi friends, just wanted to know if there is any utility which displays multiple timezones .. in a nice gui manner ..
Orage
looks like orage can't support multiple timezones ..i want to view india time, texas time and france time all together .. seems not possible in orage ..
can someone tell if OpenOffice3 will be in ubuntu8.10?
ok thanks, pici
 you can read about it here https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/openoffice.org/+bug/267376
Hi, i installed JDK, not from 'Add/remove programs' but i copied BIN file from site and installed. And when i type 'java' in terminal, it purpose me to install java. How to correct it?
any idea?
: try this : sudo update-alternatives --config java and chooce the right version
Not even something like '$(hostname) login:'?
no, nothing like that
huh. Creepy.
hi
Ihave a problem installingubuntu on an hp pavilion zx5000,anyone can help me?
whats the trouble?
im in a perdiciment. my friend called and said 'i am trying linux, i just installed ubuntu.' how do i talk him out of using ubuntu?
call him a troll
- i already called him a noob... i figured that would do the trick. hes smart guy so that should be an insult.
ubuntu is unusable :/
fuck you, ubuntu! 5 hours just trying to get a screen at proper resolution
rough day :)
how can i make swiftfox open a specific url from command line
swiftfox <url>, no?
good
hello
sorry, but can anyone tell me what is the best ubuntu release? 7,04 or 7,01 (feisty fawn or that new one?)
the newest
NO U CHANSERV
NO U
Please stop.
this says source is not temporary in use
E: Unable to lock the administration directory (/var/lib/dpkg/), is another process using it?
close Synaptic or Update Manager
sorry, hit the wrong keys
did someone answere my question about the gui fan program?
a gui for fan¿¿ haven't heard of it
Does the Chromium package in Lucid stay updated with the latest Chromium releases?
 No, personally experience...
Personally experience?
can`t set XChat window to be transparent, can anyone help?!
#xchat
thanks
are ms fonts (ie Tahoma, Verdana) accessible to ubuntu?
yes, they aer, not sure how to add them
he's asking what graphics card he has
hi, can anybody tell me how to go to irc.gnome.org#gedit? I don't know xchat and gaim well enough.
go to irc.gnome.org#gedit
somewhere in xchat's File menu is a server list .. in that, look for 'gimpnet'.  follow the dialog and connect, then once it's stopped scrolling 'stuff', type '/join #gedit' where you're typing right now
I want to uninstall Mozilla Firefox, but the manager shows that it will uninstall ubuntu-desktop. It will remove whole package ubuntu-desktop?
ubuntu-desktop is just a meta package
it will remove the package but not the applications..
hi all. I have two questions, how can i set the defauilt view of folders to display hidden files/folders and is there a way to automatically add a certain emblem to all these hidden files/folders?
nautius, edit preferences
what about them?
Hello, I wanted the default 'ls' alias to be different.  So I edited a .bashrc file.  I believe at this point I have to reboot, is there a way to reset these without having to reboot?  Not even sure what the .bashrc file is, or who calls it.  Thanks for taking your time reading this.
you just have to log out and back in
thank you
is there a simple command to see all the computers connected to my router and their IP?
I believe that the time has come for you to meet the wonderful nmap
lol
hello
i need help
with what?
hi, i don't have a menu.lst in /boot/grub, how do i edit the boot options to remove  a reference to XP and older kernel?
oh. here it is. but is says not to edit the file.. ignore?
check in /etc/default (grub file) ... and in /etc/grub.d  personally, i don't like the new config layout of grub2
how do I use RAR for Linux to open a .rar file?
use unrar
which one do I download for Ubuntu?
which file tells me which release i'm using pls?
is there something like /etc/ubuntu-release ?
type 'lsb_release -a' in a console. :)
is the sshd in /etc/sshd ?
have you installed openssh-server?
then type dpkg -L openssh-server to find out where it is
hi guys
is there a linux command to copy a file to another folder and automatically deletes it from its current folder ?
'mv' -- Move.
Is 9.10 gonna be the next LTS or guys?
no, 10.04
I thought it was yahoo
I am getting this error ... any idea to fix it ...PHP Warning: PHP Startup: Unable to load dynamic library
I am getting this error ... any idea to fix it ...PHP Warning: PHP Startup: Unable to load dynamic library  ?
it usually helps to give context, like what you are doing when the error occurs
I lost my Windows 7 operating system while installing Ubuntu 9.10.Please help
during install, did you chose to format the whole disk?
But when I go to Windows 7 in Grub computer restarts
Dialntone....'lspci | grep 'Multimedia'
 nothing happens
 im on a laptop, that command is it looking for a pci device ?
is there an approved hardware list for hardy heron?
thanks brandonmpace (and ubottu :) )
you´re welcome
All greetings. There is here a lucid mind what to help me?
At me a problem at loading with life CD writes here such errors: SQUASHFS error:
md5 the iso and reburn at low speed
does the ubuntu livecd run any daemons?
propably
not automaticly
is anyone running 9.04 on an acer aspire one ?
Aspire
I am facing some keyboard issues, though
hi
Any one there
pleanty
Just a quick question for everyone. If I install Fiesty 7.04 when 7.10 comes out is it easy to upgrade? Or will I have to do a fresh install?
you can upgrade when it comes out
Okay, thank you ^_^
swedes who use ubuntu?
come on....
japp
hello
what more does the dvd of ubuntu have in comparison with the cd version?
the DVD is install+live
hello again i finally got xserver back but now my LC_ALL is unset how do i reconfigure locale.conf?
sudo dpkg-reconfigure locale.conf does not work
'sudo dpkg-reconfigure localeconf'
!downgrade | Reuben
!manpages-dev | rerconami
feisty updates broke my wifi support
Hi all, (i must say that i don't speak english), who know, how to make dvd (or cd) from my (already installed) system (with all my programm) ?
 http://www.dedoimedo.com/computers/remastersys.html
 that's an old link, but remastersys is what you need
Anyone ever install vmware server?
follow a tutorial.
it just takes a while - and i can't quite remember. :D
shift+pageup scrolls up
(in irssi at least)
yeah... not working right for some reason though
dpkg-reconfigure openssh-server
see what that says, if it throws an error, apt-get reinstall --purge openssh-server
did first one, doing, thanks got an OK
whats the . for?
the current directory and below
ok
stop feeding the troll
hey dont worry, just that we offered help and instead of trying they just rant and cry
understood, thanx.
I need a 200 dollar computer. Wheres the best place online to order one
with the best specs?
assemble one on your own
hi
does anyone know why I would only be seeing two desktops on the rotate-cube plugin in compiz (im using gutsy with KDE4) ?
because ubuntu sets the number of viewports to two by default, please join #compiz-fusion
sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/device  (like /dev/sda) you can use sudo fdisk -l to pick which one
then do sudo dd if=/dev/urandom of=/dev/device
here is a command with a nice progress bar:    sudo dd if=input_file | pv -s `du -bc input_file | cut -f 1 --output-delimiter=' ' | head -1` | sudo dd of=output_file
Trying to get gspca driver on Hardy, details at http://paste.ubuntu.com/17766/... any help would be appreciated.
Did you look up your specific camera in the supported hardware page of the webcam wiki
type a couple letters of a nick then hit tab
!download | thoidingjam
and make it a separate partition so in the future upgrades will be easier
indeed
I need help adding more resolution options... I'm a Newbie
card and driver?
its an old all in wonder in an old hp
What does 'Install in OEM mode' mean?
please ask dapper questions in #ubuntu+1
righto.
is it possible to control a windows vista machine remotely graphically from Linux? maybe with VLC?
vnc
it changes both the 'accessed' and the 'modified' timestamp
anyone? Ubuntu 9.04 and wireless?
what problem you have with wireless
you can show what problem have in logs
no need for profanity
apology unnecessary. changed behavior says it all. :)
comment out the PPAs
does ubuntu come with a screenshot tool
yes
press print screen
hmmm, ubuntu's vim doesn
t do color by default? syntax highlighting i mean
its not very hard to turn on syntax highlighting in vim
can ubuntu use debian packages?
yes
but it's recommended to use Ubuntu's if available
So what's so good about Linux?
price & freedom are my two favourite things
but I think this is better discussed in #ubuntu-offtopic
I was deleting some files off an ntfs partition and the external HDD became disconnected. Now the partition won't mount. Help (freaking out).
what's the error you are getting?
irrelevant
hmm here's a dumb question then. how can i remove the kernels
that'll work, thanks again
the kernels are in packages just like everything else... just make sure you keep a fall-back :)
thanks
it can use both USGS maps for the US, and maps from www.openstreetmap.org
do you have to download the maps separately?
right click panel and add the applet you want, f~allan8904
...eh?
oh lol, i was thinking wtf?
does ubuntu include memtest86 on the livecd
does ubuntu include memtest86 on the livecd
it might but im thinking no when you boot up to it you should have a help part it should tell you there
hello
who can tell me how i can go to #ubuntu-cn?
'/join #ubuntu-ca'
loves his powermac
will have to find a file mangler that doesnt suck
will return shortly
what kind of archive is .bz2 ?
bzip
so how can i extract articles.xml.bz2
Are there any conflicts if I were to install KDE on my machine so I can try it out?
er would there be.
nope
most ppl use 0777 if they have no clue how to do it right
it a development LAMP server, and im fed up of ftp saying no permission and for me to go into the VM itself.. the files created by php is by third party toolS so easiest way is root access.
/etc/apache2/envvars
in ubuntu 7.04 feisty what's the root passw.?
there is no root password
Overcast : ty, it workd fine, sudo :P
hi there, how to i upgrade from intrepid beta to intrepid (release version) ?
quit the beta/unstable to go stable/release
if you kept your system updated then it should all be done automatically
how do i do 2 commands on the same command in the shell?
cmd1 && cmd2 or cmd1; cmd2, the former will not continue if cmd1 fails
there's also & if you want to run them concurrently
Trying to bulk rename files in terminal using the command ' rename 's/(.*) - (.*)\.(.*) / $2 - $1.$3/'* ' which worked perfectly the night before last.  Today when I try to use it after entering the command terminal responds with ' reading filenames from STDIN ' and stops for good at that point.  Any ideas as to how I can fix this would be greatly appreciated.
If you have lots of files, you might have to use find because bash will run out of stack space.
 only 100 files per directory max.  Did 5 directories the other night and all worked well so will continue with what I have.  Thanks for input!  Cheers!
has anyone compiled their own kernel?
Done that a lot in the past. Just not recently. What is the problem?
not really a problem...thought it might be a worthwhile project
i ran a programam. Its written 'root@ubuntu:home/ubuntu #' is that?
 Huh?
 depends on what you are trying to do.. :P  i forgot.
that one appears to be hardware raid, got any info on software raid?
I have this: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FakeRaidHowto
and this: http://www.howtoforge.com/linux_software_raid
Hello, i have succesfully installed ubuntu 7.10 and i notice while copying files from my windows desktop the speed seems to be kind of slow. Is that normal?
ah ok
yes it takes some time to move files depending on the size, whether its between partitions or if you told it to do so during the install
ok, a semperon is 64 bit, yes ? and will use amd64 ?
not all seperon is 64bit
its mobile 3100+
my englis not so good
just ask your question
Boinc, minor trivia like the name.  'Your slot: Cleared to commence final approach
How can get my computer's information?
like the arch processor etc.
'sudo lshw'
Anyone know why since upgrading to Feisty beta, all my apps start out with 'Work Offline' on?  Did Feisty switch to Upstart, and that causes this issue?
caused by networkmanager, and beta discussion is in #ubuntu+1 :)
ah, got it, thanks
any1 who cares to help me with a little basic C++ programming? :P
any1 who cares to help me with a little basic C++ programming? :P It'll only take a sec...
what are you looking for?
can anyone explain to me how to mount this drive, i know it has data on it and was once a linux drive but tried to read it in windows 7 with extreader or some kind of software : http://imageshack.us/f/269/screenshotvpp.png/
It's listed as free space.
You could image it and then use testdisk on it, but...
my 10.04 doesn't recognize my onboard NIC. :(
I had to change out motherboards. :/
what was the NIC
any scp gurus around ?
I am having a major issue using scp on my ubuntu 10.04, and file over 5MB makes my wireless card disconnect and will not reconnect unless I do a full reboot. Anyone have any ideas or suggestions? I also tried scp'ing the file from the host box(ubuntu) and from the remote box(Angstrom) the remote has no issues with any other machine
upgrade to 10.10, solved similar issues for me.
Hi guys, I have a problem where when I install the flash plugin for firefox (either via flashplugin-nonfree from multiverse or via the firefox plugin manager) firefox crashes when loading flash.  Does anyone have iny ideas?
make sure you haven't got any other flash plugins active -- check with about:plugins
nope, no other flash plugins installed
Hi. How can I find out the correct keyboard model I have to choose for my keyboard?
count the keys... more seriously though, pick the right language nd you should be fine
My problem is: I want those volume-keys be assigned to kmix. But I cannot choose them as shortcut. xbindkeys -k reports: Mod2 + NoSymbol if i hit vol up.
What is the easiest way to install windows 7 AFTER ubuntu is installed so I can dual boot?
wipe the drive .. install 7.. reinstall ubuntu..
windows doesn't play well being installed afterwards.
Which programs or type of programs will pose a security risk if I use the sudo command to open it?
every program that you're not sure about.
so you have your answer. 'All of them'
does ubuntu have rolling relase ppas for kde
does ubuntu have rolling relase ppas for kde
ubuntu is not a rolling release.
hey guys, my friend is on dapper. He wants to update. Will sudo update-manager -d do it?
-c not -d, and gksu not sudo.
thanks a lot dude. :)
got it working
took long but I finally figured it out and I am actually posting from my virtual windows 7 trhough virtualbox
my fault it is me King11, i think my xchat just took it as since i am currently on the vbox channel with my regular nick, that it would use my second nick
hey 9.10 was supposed to come with grub 2.0 right why does mine come with 1.97~beta4 ?
9.10 final is shipping with a beta?
python 2.6 RC
any vim geeks aroun?
try in #vim
thx
what problem?
I have a laptop with a subwoofer and stereo speakers
but only the subwoofer is producing audio
so anyone have a quick fix for my sound, worked for months, all the sudden just turned off today, no icon or anything
 'cat /proc/asound/cards', is your card listed? is the driver loaded?
 maybe it is part/show up normally in gnome-panel
Is there any difference between the command apt-get install and aptitude install ?
aptitude installs recommended packages by default and also keeps track of dependencies that get installed with apcakges
so apt-get does'n't keep track of dependencies ?
In synaptic, what's the difference between 'removal' and 'complete removal'?
complete removes configuration files
fun, get lots of DVDs ;)
what is the section after the domain name and after the first / in a url typically refered to as?
the 'path'...?
thanks... i was racking my brain on that for a bit here... couldb't remember
«¼¼» §äLäM £vë®ÿÖñë «¼¼»
english only here please
please stop that
i temporary need to set a static ip on my laptop, is there an easy way that doesn't require editing files
network manager
thanks
how do you accept input in a bash cmd? like `./script input' ?
*bash scripting file, not bash cmd
use $1 for the first parameter -- is that what you mean?
warbo: This step fails 'sudo apt-get install msttcorefonts' when running though that, is it just replacing the fonts to be more like MSs?
sudo dpkg -i file.deb  but it wont get you the depends you would have to install them seperately
it all depends on what you want to install
did your dog eat your charger again?
no it burned out
Err:509
anyone running xfce4 on hoary?
any xfce users?
NOT ME,
what is the alternative to ifconfig that ubuntu uses?
i know it' avaiable, i just recall there was alt to ifconfig from some distro i used
network manager doesn't actually replace ifconfig...it however does replace ifup and ifdown for controlling the interface. YOu can still reconfigure the nic with ifconfig
how to kill programm?
ps aux | grep programmname - can't kill by 'kill' No such process
You kill with the proccess id. If you want with the name just do 'killall gnome'
ello, sorry for the lame question but I have a doubt: having a Mobile DualCore Intel Core 2 Duo 1800 MHz which arch shall I choose? ia64 isn't it?
how much ram ya got?
2GB
i couldnt find the install image for 8.1
could only find 9.04 and 8.10
there is no such thing as 8.1
hola alguien que me ayude
no s eocmo entrar ahhi
entre '/join #ubuntu-es'
hello
using a dell latitude and it seems to be running HOTTER than with win 7 any ideas what I should look for?
you can run the command 'top' in a terminal, or run the system monitor from your menu to see if there is a program using a lot of CPU
its not in there
it does not work
is that for me ?
6.10 is edgy, not dapper
not to argue, but Dapper is supposed to have LTS, which means bugs, security etc.. upgrading should not be required as there is no new LTS release yet
Dapper 6.06 LTS does.  Dapper 6.10 does not.
I have a site running on localhost (Apache), but now I want to update the package, and it asks for FTP access
how should I approach this?
how are you updating?
hello one question.. if install xfce to ubuntu.. would be the same as xubuntu? will look the same?
if yu install xubuntu-desktop. some gnome remnants might be in RAM still, some gnome programs loaded in background basically
very minor
because you are spamming the channel
if it's any consolation, tcpdumpgod has been the only one trying to help me
I'm not telling him to stop helping you, I'm telling him to stop repeating things that are pointless like 'name | fsck' three times in a row
is there a list of packages you can install using apt-get? i want to find out what i've been missing out on
you can search in Synaptic, or use packages.ubuntu.com
no, hitting the !ops tell proved to be far more entertaining :)
﻿whats the command to check my ubuntu version
lsb_release -a
ty
how do I power off a machine from the terminal?
sudo shutdown -h 0
thanks, nice rumpe btw
can someone give me a guide how to disable GDM without loosing functionality in gnome?
so am i forced to go into gnome in ubuntu?
 you can apt-get install / remove kde and gnome any time
who are the founders of Google?
the other guy is larry sumthing
try twodads.tk
how can i chat in ubuntu?
how can do social chat in ubuntu?
/join #ubuntu-offtopic
Hmm, 6.06 is at ubuntuforums marked as release. Is it save to upgrade right now or is it advisable to wait until 'official release'?
You can upgrade. the 'official' release is for the iso's and torrents.
so... via synaptic (changing everything from breezy to dapper) I will get the actual 'official' release?
I've so gotta stick with Ubuntu.
It's a PITA to install, but after that, smooth sailing.
how is it difficult to install for you?
hello! I'm searching a cross-platform tool for LAN Chat between Linux (distro: ubuntu) and Windows XP. Could anyone help me?
ok guys. I'm gonna google it.
 http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=195732
How do I add fonts to Ubuntu?
How do I install fonts in ubuntu?
stw
hi
checkin out gnoppix for the first time, pretty sweet, but seems no distribution works with my wifi out of the box ;-)
probably a card that requires ndiswrapper
does using only the shell, without gui improve laptop battery life.
i can live with just lynx and vim...
 try it and see..   I imagine it would help some. but then you may not have the various power-saving/cpu limiting tools/services running
what are some ubuntu packages to download and mess around with?
some fun
I don't know why you think packages are fun, but you could fix bugs in them lots at the tracker.
Danny78 the real question is what is the problem with doing « sudo apt-get install dnsproxy » and use the ubuntu version
quite.  my thought was, sometimes trying an alternative can clarify the problem
dunno; maybe he needs it in his specific configuration
where in udev would i put a line to automount my ipod?
my ipod automounts itself on standard ubuntu, but you'll need gtkpod to put music on it (if you want it as a hard drive, a mount will just work)
my old ipod automounts as well, but my new one doesn't
Kuwanger:how do we go about that?
depends on the system.
see above from ubotu
Canonical will typically dedicate more effort to testing and bugfixing leading up to an LTS
They really didn't for 8.04 LTS in some areas. But, I really give them credit for cleaning it up in the month or two after the first release.
works for me on 9.04 -- Transmission opens up.
How can I get my PGP key?
Ahem, OpenPGP key?
do you mean OpenPGP key or GPG key?
is there a way to mount iso file on my harddrive instead of burning to disk
is there anyway of making an iso executable without burning to disk or usb
I've pointed VirtualBox to boot from a .iso on the disk. VirtualBox is very good.
what's the better partitioning system for hardy?
zvacet- what should i use as a partitioning fs for the hardy install?
ext3
Hello, im trying to rip a dvd using handbrake, but the resulting file gets to be about 2 gb but then it stops because the system says the file size is too large and then it coredumps. Ive been told this is a system problem not a handbrake problem, so how do i fix this?
What filesystem is the hd you are putting the file to?
ext3
 has joined #ubuntu
welcome
 Do you have an ubuntu support question?
so.... how is the HUD activated... ?
hm...
press the super key
apt-get install ubuntu-base kubuntu-desktop will install KDE instead of Gnome, corect?
it will install kde
Woot! :)
helo
can anybody tell me whether broadcom 802.11 is supported in 11.04?
 differnt chipsets by broadcom have differnt degrees of support and possible issues.
i can ping, and the master servers are up, because they work fine on my windows box.
have you tried ctrl+shift+V ?
for my network problems??!
Can I get my question answered?
repeat your question please
well apparently, no one knows about it
12.04 is a lot better than i thought it would be
and Unity is getting more and more acceptable
i agree
 i just this lan card dont know how to make it work in ubuntu
what lan card?
does it show up when you issue the lspci command?
[SUDO] Tux, I've been pm'ing you
if your not identifed then he won't see any of your pms
I think I am...
hello all
any ideas on ltsp multiple server???
http://www.ltsp.org/?
and what type of file do i make a lanucher for the program with
ok i rigth clicked on desktop to make a lanucher on desktop, it wants 'command' where do i browse to to find virtualbox
the command is just virtualbox
How do I get karmic to load without launching GDM?  Just installed from the Alpha 6 ISO and it freezes at the splash screen - no ctrl-alt-backspace, no ctrl-alt-delete, no ctrl-alt-f1
I tried loading karmic with the recovery mode grub option and it blows right past the recovery menu, launches GDM and freezes
karmic support in #ubuntu+1
strange. because i would expect ls on two directories and diff to be very quick (i have done this on directories with 25K+ files)
I want to have a list of the files which are different. I have to do a lot of those operations. Using diff would take hours
hmm. Ok you mean ls command. hmm this could work, but still is a lot to type. Looking for something where I can point to, and not type everything. i have to do this on different disks and structures
is it possible to install Ubuntu on an iPad?
no
kindle maybe ...
Hi i'm natively from windows so i'm used to mIRC, but is there a way to see what channels people are idling? Normally this is displayed in the whois on mIRC
on freenode, whois only shows you channels you share with the user.
#programming, ##c++ and so on, basically pick a language and try joining the channel.
apparently, your wireless driver supports wpa2 in client mode, but not in access point mode
ok, if that's the case, thanks
I actually just wanted to check, if my card supports wpa2 anyway
why i can't hear sound in my ubuntu...?
in win normal
is your computer on?
is there an easy way to change the Applications/Places/System menu names in Gnome?
install smeg
smeg is the best, if 'other' folder is not showing up, which is a bug, just ad it, then it will show up
How can I change My login screen theme?
 for 9.10 check http://delicious.com/dr_willis/gdm2 (in mygdm tags) are some links to some tools to let you change them
thanks m8
anyone know of an app yet to open and edit .pub files from MS publisher?
OO.org doesn't do it?
mindrape: nope
I need some help with apache2.  I have followed the setup docs on the Ubuntu site.  now just one small issue.  I set up a site in my home dir.  I have edited the files thats supposed to tell apache where the document root dir is.  but I am still getting the defautl 'It works' index.html in the /var/www.   anyone willing to help walk me through on how to figure this out??
you restarted apache right?
a couple of times, yes
where are locatd the files used by ubuntu to create the menus (in gnome)?
 check /usr/share/applications?
gonna do that since i look at debian-menu stuff
Hi Guys
any idea when the release date for 'Ubuntu Studio' is? I know its April, but I would LOVE to know when I could get my hands on even the Beta
what is ubuntu studio?
 /msg NickServ IDENTIFY perenboom
lol
WE saw your password :)
nice bittorrent client for the terminal?
yeah, rtorrent is cool
erUSUL: thanks, I'll give it a go
I assume that lots of unix systems are modeled for computers that is never turned off - but this is not one of them. this is turned on when used, and then turned off again. but I still want to be able to manually do all the filesystem check when I feel like it (and that is not during start of the computer, rather before turn off sometimes)
fsck can only be used, when the disk is unmounted ( best way is at startup)
I have another ubuntu installed that I can ran the check of the normal ubuntus root filesystem it from though
i was curios if whats the deal with 64 bit veriants of ubuntu. what other gains does one get besides accesing more than 4GB or memory?
 you get headaches with 64bit.
i know i do. but does it increase performance? some ppl were saying that 64 bit vista was soo much faster, but then again prolly they had no idea what they were talking about
if you have a copy of windows already I would just install VMWare Player (free), install your windows on it and then run it in unity mode
works far better than wine
but it is horrible for full-screen games
!asktoask
:<
apt-get --reinstall install <package>
 dd is for advanced users im still novice
hehhe dd is amoung the first *nix apps.... :)
a tar pipe maybe,  dd perferably.    just dd the / partition  from one to the other.    dd if=/dev/hda1 of=/dev/hdc1    if you can use one box for the transfer.    very fast   very clean.
What do you mean by support ISA?
There's no hardware autodetection for ISA, but should be for PNP cards
 thanks for that info.  once the OS loads up I'll attempt to install the tools for ISA NIC's, and I'll tell you guys how it turns out (or if I get stuck) XD
Hey
Pidgin won't connect. I type my email and password but it says it's incorrect. but when i try to sign in though the website it works fine! :s
won't connect to what
hello
welcome
thanks
how do i remove a directory that is not empty under root user?
how do i remove a directory that is not empty under root user?
sudo rm -r will do it
how do i traceroute in ubuntu
nevermind
note that the tracepath command is similar and is installed by default
has anyone ever seen system monitors network display have a problem detecting speed ? mine looks like a sin wave, it shows double the speed then zero, then double, then zero, etc.
that might be whats actually happening
it does seem like it, in any speed monitor I try it shows the link going idle and back again, maybe some weird buffering thing ? I have ubuntu same version running on another machine on the same network and its fine heh
I get this error 'Unable to copy the user's Xauthorization file.' in 11.04. Everywhere I look talks about the .Xautority file, but don't have this file anywhere. What do I do?
try sudo  locate .Xauthority
it returns nothing
how can I start a process as a daemon from a shell? Or at least how can I run a program at the command line but not have it take over my shell?
& ampersand runs process in the background
try ls&
what a mess
is there anything i can reinstall to reset this stuff?
restart nautilus
whatever you can get your hands on
you say debain is better?
selected on the website by default
see the snap :)
vga problem?
what do you mean?
weee that was fun trying to figure how to get back to the GUI :)
Xorg -version
thanks dude
where are the ubuntu default themes located (9.10)?
where are the ubuntu default themes located (9.10)? the files.. of the thems
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=ubuntu+themes+directory&l=1
annonymorse, sudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.lst?
I just tried that command, and sources.lst is EMPTY
according to this error report, which line is duplicate? W: Duplicate sources.list entry http://archive.ubuntu.com hardy-updates/main Packages (/var/lib/apt/lists/archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_hardy-updates_main_binary-i386_Packages)
so eveybody agrees that 1000 watt power supply is only going to pull what it needs
a 1000 watt psu will take more energy from the wall under low loads
go to ##hardware they love talking about this
yay! i got mIRC on ubuntu :D
wine ftw!
but there are so many good linux IRC clients! like xchat
socklist
is your friend
thanks, thats it :)
how do I get from gnome to a TTY and then get back to gnome?
ctrl+alt+f1 to TTY then ctrl+alt+f7 to gnome
thanks
i can't set a resolution higher than 1024x768, why?
your monitor probably doesn't support it
it does
!remaster > gmg
!wifi | GeekyAdam check here
thx
How do I make it so my second hard drive is readable by all users?
I have the users option turned on.
chmod -r o+x /path/of/second/hard_drive
hi
how do i check how much hard drive space i have left?
df -H
Hi everyone!
I have a question that really needs to be answered!!!
but if you don't ask it, it can't be answered, can it?
how can i run solitaire etc on wine under ubuntu 6.06?
i want to use wine i have to work on that so how to run widnows binaries in wine?
wine /path/to/binary
I have a seemingly simple question.  How do I create a desktop 'shortcut' to a folder in someone else's account?
   ln -s /one/place/ /path/to/otherplace/
 i may have the 2 arguments backwards
Anyone knowledgable with Libre Office calc ?
Me, theoretically, why?
ive got a table, with the x and y axis have column and row names. I want to pull a value out of that table, based on the contents of two cells, which will match a row and a column. kind of like a vlookup and a hlookup at the same time. Is there a function to do this?
Howdy!
Has anybody had any success with getting the Microsoft Media Center Remote to work with Dapper?
wow, if you could get that working, that would be one hell of a feat
The Ubuntu 6.06 LTS has support til 2011, is this updates only? will it be released new application versions for it?
only updates afaik
Okey, thx
hello!
can anyone help me a bit with openoffice.org?
What's the problem with OOo?
I dunno. I don't use k3b
use gnomebaker?
nope. I use graveman.
hey guys, can i not open .rar files with ubuntu?
 you have tu install unrar
hint, you can add the parameter -kb (in console) to keep broken extracted files
anyone here use vi as an editor?
yes
yes it is well worth it
goldfish uname -a
that gives the kernel version
he wants the ubuntu version
If I have three partitions, one with root, one with /home, and the other swap, and I reinstall only formatting and reinstalling over root, I'll reinstall without screwing up or losing any of my data, correct?
correct.
Amazing. cool.. Thank you.
tool to generate random passwords?
'pwgen'
 tnx
err...my distribution is chinese, so the output is in chinese, i'll try to translate it for you ,please waite..
if you prefix your command line with LANG=C then it should output in english.
helpful , thank you
hi
i started downloading a dvd iso with jigdo (200 mb), but i want to download the cd iso instead, can i use the iso.tmp from the dvd so i wont start from 0?
no, theyre different ISOs
what if i installed a lot of python things like python-pygame and python-opengl and stuff, but found out I have a version too new, how to uninstall/downgrade them?
how to downgrade stuff like python-pygame and python-opengl ?
above VCoolio said I could have multiple pythons installed..... ok, but what if i want to run a makefile with a particular version of python?
hi all, what's the casual ubuntu-chat? I have fortotten the name.
#ubuntu-offtopic
thanks!
can someone explain me how to edit sources.list because i cant save it because of root...
in a terminal, type 'gksudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list', or edit it using Synaptic
hmm, strange. then just use nano or something like that: sudo nano /etc/apt/sources.list
!ask
how do i backup my whole entire system to a cd so i can install a clone on other pc
clonezilla
are there any antivirus apps that will run in the gnome system tray, doing realtime protection?
clamav I believe has something like that.
and there are commercial products too.
how can i install some programms with linux ?   thx for help
can someone help me    i want to install programms but i cant find them in linux version    can make exe files runing on my linux computer or not?
what program?
Is there ubuntu channel for chat? :D
shure. for non drunks, several
Yo ho ho and the bottle of...RUM! :D
mhmm
VLC plays it more smoother than it did on Windows.
VLC rulz :D
how do i remove a user
deluser --help
thanks
when i want to minimize a windows how can i make it minimize in the uper panel?
anyone have an idea?
add the 'window list' to the upper panel
xmms, for one
cheers.
yes
What version of pidgin do I download for ubuntu? Fedora Core or CentOS / RHEL?
!pidgin
or you can download a package from getdeb.net
I have 2 gigs of ram now, play a lot of cedega games and encode dvds and edit video and pictures. Would expanding to 4 gigs really give me a performance boost or am I good with 2?
Only way to know is to look at your RAM usage. You can likely increase performance somewhat by adding more ram and setting (sysctl) vm.swappiness to a low number
thanx
easypeasy rocks
try out the new release
off topic basically means use the right irc channel etc. This one is for support.
question how can i configure the gnome version of xchat to auto log?
i want it to have the gmoe version of xchat auto log my nic to the nic server ans auto join a couple of rooms
 check its settings/config menus. I never use xchat-gnome. i do know the normal xchat can 'autologin' and 'autojoin' channels
How I can configure wine so that others than me can use it ?
You need to pay for codewaever's crossover, the comercial version of wine for that feature.
Also, be sure that the scripts are executable.
try using a ps/2 keyboard if your currently using a usb keyboard
how many video cards do you have?
one. on my laptop
Speaking of xorg.conf, could some setting there cause my task bar to be only ~half the width?
Program titles on the bar get very small
But he wants webcam. gaim hasno webcam support
hat script references a file /etc/rc.d/init.d/functions which does not exist on Ubuntu boxes. Comment out that line.  source: http://wiki.vpslink.com/LAMBDA_Server_on_Ubuntu_6.06
its not needed
okay, thanks. I'll try it out.
Has anyone successfully managed to run second life in ubuntu?
yes i do
there is no install, you unzip the package they provide and run the .bin file
is there something like daemon tools for linux?
i know but i'm trying to make my brother convert to linux so i was wondering if there was a gui to mounting iso's?
gmountiso for example
pastebin is a website that allows people to share text files on a short term basis.
ahhh i see thanks!
It's perfect for sharing long log files and other such output on an IRC chat without drowning out everyone.
anybody out there that can help with vmware issues
I have it installed and every time I run it I get the message to run vmware-config.pl
then run it :-) consider there's vmware-player ready to run in the official repositories (although now that you've installed another version manually, i suppose it might not work that smoothly)
-msg nickserv identify gizmoquak
DOOHHHH
thanks!
What is the command to instantly lock your screen?
ctrl+alt+l
Thank you.
strange that there's no 'reinstall' or 'upgrade' options in software center
once I have the software installed I just use synaptic to do that kind of stuff
okay, thanks for the advice
How to convert .tar.bz2 to .tar?
'bunzip2 $filename'
thanks
hi!
I did like you said and it started to work. even after changing it back and forth
thank you
any wifi monitoring software? the default system monitor does not show messages/information so good.
Kismet?
thanks
I never touched system files before (Back on Win****) I have a great confidence in tinkering with modprobe to blacklist a wlan driver which was buggy on 11.10
Banshee? Clementine is the ticket mate ;)
you mean I install Clementine & then I should be able to listen to my music??
ls -a ?
err. yes.
yes meaning you have to use grep with ls?
all I am asking is what packages do I need to be able to do make menuconfig or make xconfig
I presume that these would be some kind of developer libraries for curses or qt or whatever
that may be too much, but it should tell you what you want
hello i have a question after 3-5 hours and running transmission torrents the screen goes blank and caps lock blinks and i have to do a hard reboot on my laptop anyone have this experience?
try a different bittorent client?
gparted
can i resume a ssh session?
you can use tools, such as screen, but you can't resume an ssh connection directly
can i pull up the session on the pc then
bot
crack
?
how do i change ownership for a folder and all of its subfolders at the same time?
chown -R
thanks
has anybody ever compiled matchbox on ubuntu?
For future reference, it seems to be the consensus that it's better to refer users asking about root to the full documentation rather than just telling them how, since we doin't know their level of knowledge and experience and don't want people accidently breaking things.  Not a huge worry, but someone's bound to tell you eventually.
ok, no problem, thanks for the info
who use phpmyadmin??????
??
try looking for a php channel
I did 'edit helloworld.py' and now I'm in some editor I can't figure out how to exit
ctrl q
or ctrl x or ctrl z
hi all
any help ?  after I update to ubuntu 10.04 I got this  mesagge  mounting none  on /dev failed
is this vague error attached to something else? like not booting? the cdrom drive is trying to strangle you? ;)
what is the name of the gstreamer package needed for mp3 playback?
what is the name of the gstreamer package needed for mp3 playback?
-mad
can someone tell me how i can view the startup logs
less /var/log/boot ?
less /var/log/boot.log
Im running sandy bridge which works ok but graphics is poor. 2d support only
lots of tearing etc
which drivers?
o/
I can't internet on it :(
howd you do it?
400 is readonly for the owner
oops i mean 500
there is r d_r_-x...
am i understanding that if i install konq or kopete that kde goes in too?
no, but to install them you need to install their dependencies which includes a lot of kde libs
okay that helps
!alsa | Rabbitbunny
Rabbitbunny:also check /var/log/syslog
Thanks, Reading now.
are there any new media players on ubuntu that are as bloated, and integrated, as Windows Media Player yet?
jrpg, odd. I havn't found a way to burn a disk with amarok from within amarok.
try getting Amarok or Songbird with every available add-on, and you might get close
!arabic
!arab
tried, but I see no session file there xD
anyone know much about writing to NTFS drive?
i got a NTFS drive that windows can't read but linux can
sounds like you've got trouble
Is it possible to disable the zeitgeist daemon?
Can anyone read what I'm writing?
I see it
can someone help me with a weird problem? for some reason I can connect to MSN with Pidgin and amsn but I get an error in Empathy
sudo apt-get install msn-pecan
latest pidgin also works but it has some issues currently with msn
Can someone suggest a partition resizer for linux?
gparted
: It wont let me resize a partition.  I am assuming it is because I am booted from it.  Can I use a live cd to boot then use gparted to resize non-destructively?
i'v read man man, i still dont know how to do it
im guessing it would be: man 7 debconf, but thats not it
yes
hi! i want to install ubuntu on a second internal hard disk. how do i switch between windows and ubuntu afterwards?
ubuntu will install a new bootloader, that offers to boot windows (or whatever you have) alternativly
yep, does not matter
hey -- complete newbie question ive never installed ubuntu before... is 5.10 dapper? im guessing no... but if i install 5.10 from cd can i upgrade to dapper? (much like i can upgrade to sid from etch... etc.)
5.10 is breezy
thans :)
i mean 'welcome to %' and all the other places where hostname appears...
try here http://askubuntu.com/questions/9540/rename-computer-name/9614#9614, or ubuntu tweak gives you an easy option
thank you
asd
molotovss
Do you need help with ubuntu?
Whats the Unix command to see all the ports that are open
and the apps that are using them
You could also nmap yourself
feisty doesnt detect blank dvd, what do i do now ?
sometimes checks root filesystem, but i dont see progress nor any signal that it's happening, so it seems like system halted
on a PS3?how?
I came over to intrepid a week ago from winxp. Had to do some tweaking, but I'm *very* pleased with the results.
thats precisely what i need, a little pushing, thanks
Just upgrade over the weekend. :-)
i my ram 4
you can gert more ram accessed by 32bit with PAE
http://www.fpaste.org/sTNb/
guys is there a command like Touch but create file with a content text?
pipe the content into a file
echo 'ffmpeg -i $1 -ab 56 -ar 22050 -b 500  -s 320x240 $1.mpg' > Flv2Mpg.sh  ignoring the $1 is there anyway to escape it >?
g4u and partimage require a three step process 1 save the boot sector with the dd command 2 save the partition table info 3 save your data - it can all be done but you will need to do a bit of reading about it there are many howtos on the 'net.
Fejar - If you have a Western Digital drive it could be a 'Data Rescue' partition copy of the part table.
I don't have western digital :S
Anyone can sad to me, anyone channel of java?
Anyone can say to me, anyone channel of java?
##java
Hrm.
Is there any chance I can just replace my sid sources.list and do an `apt-get dist-upgrade'? Probably not, hey? :)
probably it will fail because we have different libraries and 'older' versions
you're probably missing the gnome packages
install them
I have Gnome installed, I checked and I have gnome-media, gnome-media-common, gnome-applets-data and gnome-applets...
any offline dictionary on ubuntu?
ding
see ubottu
I just bought an acer flatscreen LCD to replace my old CRT.  I set the resolution OK.  However, something is wrong with the brightness -- it is set way too high!  Even when I change the monitor hardware settings, it is still really bright.
Video card settings?
what about them?  How do I see them?
Does anyone know how I can set  wine to have CAP_NET_RAW?
give it a graduation party?
seriously I think it's in setgr or something like that
lns: if the system wants you to restart it, there will be an icon on the top bar
he's talking about gui, if you paid attention to the whole context of his responses
*cli
is your nic working?
can u connec to the internet
 System > Administratrion > Network
i have 97 % of ram used what i can do to reduce it
that's ok, linux preloads as much as possible into ram
/etc sounds like a nice candidate....
how do I extract all .gz archives in a directory?
tar -vxzf *.gz doesn't seem to work
try the untar command
quick question, is there a way to add a place (like documents or music) in gusty?
ok, thanks
yes. browse to it, then add a bookmark with the bookmarks meny
hei i need a script or somethg to get the audio from you tube
what was the package
mp3ify.com
hey
anyone in here a freenode admin?
join #freenode
I got a question
has anyone gotten ubuntu to work with the fglxr drivers I can't get 3d rendering working with xgl to save my life.
this is a question for #ubuntu-effects
any network experts here? I'm having a hell of a time setting up my gateway
I can't get through my gateway to a public ip behind it
Gateway laptop?
Hi. On a thinkpad x61 i have a strange usb problem: while usb storage devices work, all other devices (keyboards, mice, serial dongles, bluetooth dongles, ...) do not work at all. Neither the kernel writes anything to the log nor does lsusb show any the connected devices. Did anyone else have these problems ?
curious. Does lsusb show both the usb 1 and usb 2 hub?
yes. And also storage devices (if one is connected). But all other devices do not show up
get w32codecs i think
don't see it in apt
its not
is there a bot here I can ask about common problems?
!twinview
ubottu
Any Kubuntu 11.04 users here
I'm trying to get my Desktop Folder back
mkdir Desktop
Hi I'm trying to install server 11.04 amd64 on a HP Prolient ml350 but the installation hangs around the network config point (before partitioning). Could anyone help with why
(10.04 server installs fine)
have you tried memtest and checked the disk for defects?
from my experience nvu is bloated
mc is a bit faster and crashes less often
I think bloat is a prerequisite of WYSIWYG ;)
after last update my sd-cards are not mountet automatically anymore. how can i repair this?
has somebody an idea about that?
when you boot into grub, try going into the recover mode and see what happened, or look through your log to see what was installed and see if anything was changed. Also, check fstab just incase
hey all, i'm looking for a relatively simple and intuitive gui text editor for linux, comparable to notepad++ on windows or textmate on mac
any ideas?
try mousepad
What's a good browser other then firefox ?
which one ?
paste ones from the list above into google, and read reviews or see screenshots. or just install 'em and see.
Is there a way to disable the cursor screen edge stickiness? (it sticks when movign the cursor from one monitor to another)
you can disable it in ccsm
sticksomething
!tell salmenara about dvd
for self chat with the bot use '/msg ubotu dvd'
ubotu already lectured me :(
!root > Allex (see the private message from ubotu)
im kinda new to linux, what do you meen?
my message just instructs ubotu to send you some information.  You should have a private message from ubotu.  Do you see it?
the Ubuntu setup can't regconize my SATA HDD, what should I do?
assuming that you are a newbie, you are fscked
try colony 3 cd
hello
hey, can anyone tell me what the problem is regarding my Ubuntu Live CD?
not until you describe it
Would you say that Ubuntu as server only can safely be used in production just as Debian woody?
I am thinking of upgrading my woody server to ubuntu
no, debian woody has had much longer to find security holes and bugs...
cant find gparted
really not
 try adding universe / mutiverse repos
!! is it proper to pronounce XFCE as 'X-force'?
it is just x f c e
keep it in the channel pls
any preference as to what to format a drive to in linux?
ext2
ext3 is the default, but ext2 is faster
I got a pair of usb to cat5 extenders, but my webcam isnt seen on them, do I need a module built or called? not in lsusb or dmesg
so the camera is usb and connected to the cable that eventually plugs into the network?
taggie ah.. then I have no answers.. to bad its usb at both ends otherwise you'd be dealing with ip issues as long as the cam works normally
mono is already working on ubuntu?
Should be
The package for System.Windows.Forms namespace is separate, as well as... I think a few others, but mostly it's fine by default
I'd stick with 32-bit...
'Untrusted' doesn't necessarily mean bad.
what does it mean then?
 i want to setup my /home on my readynas using cifs.  i'm copying the home dir across using sudo cp -ax, but i get 'failed to preserve ownership for <file> permission denied'.  any idea what's going on there?
 i have shares on a linux server mounted on this machine.  The user ids are synchronised, but all the documents within the shares appear to be owned by root when they belong to another user.  on the server they are owned by the appropriate user.  chown from the client machine has no effect on the files and reports no errors.  aren't cifs extensions supposed to have full support for permissions?  how can i check that they a
 i'm running openwrt white russian on a linksys router.  i can connect via my laptop to my public ip and port forwarding works fine, but when i use the public facing ip from the LAN itself it doesn't work.  is this some sort of security measure stopping me doing this>?
Is it flashplayer that locks up Firefox so much?!
the adobe 10 release has reported problems by people
My Firefox install(s) have been crashing and locking up since before flash 9... Something is wrong
Hm, I downloaded the ATI driver for the Radeon X1600 from their website, but it's a .run file. How do I install something like this?
(sudo) sh /path/to/file.rubn
Thanks! That seemed to work. ^_^
is it safe to create a new partition table on a medion computer, removing the recovery/OEM partitions if I do not want to dualboot?
no blank DVDs around
if you don't want those recovery partitions anymore, you can do whatever you want with them. Including 'removing' them by creating a new partition table
Hey guys, I've had to reduce myself to running windows on this laptop temporarly to get a decent wireless connection, anyone else had problems like this? I get much better signal in windows than in ubuntu, it's an inbuilt Realtek wireless card. It's so bad in ubuntu I have to be 6-10ft away from the WAP, any further and I get huge packet losses or no connection at all.
In windows 7 I can be 30-50ft away through several walls and still get no packets dropped
thats a bug
hey guys, wondering, so when something gets compiled and built onto a system, eventually what results are binary files and executables, if i were to take the binary files and executables and copy them over to another system with the same architecture x86, would they just work?
im thinking about deployments and long compile times when i need to spin up a bunch of more servers
provided they are running the same kernel, have all necessarry libraries, and dependencies
hello, can the dapper installer resize hfs+ partitions?
no, but the gparted liveCD has an updated version of gparted that can.
/ vasi: thanks, ill check it out.
i have an existing windows partition, can i load it via virtual box?
yes
add it to shared folders, then mount it
My webcam has a built in microphone, I just got the webcam to work but I cant get the mic to work. Can anyone help me?
That depends on the webcam.  For my quickcam for notebooks pro it works out of the box.
It's a Microsoft LifeCam VX-1000
i did port forwarding in my router now somehow i can't login to my router again :< is there any solution
if you've set the router to forward the WAN port to a LAN host, you should still be able to login to the router from the LAN side.
i tried with the same ip but its saying cannot find server :<
i thought apt-get checked for free space before downloading & installing
:)
i am faster.eat my dirt
hi can anyone tell me how to install jre2 on my ubuntu 5.04 ? it cannot find the package sun-j2re1.5
whats javadebs happyfool?
look at your private messages
how do i delete a folder with content with terminal?
rm -rf folder
use the -f option as well or else youare prompted for every file
hi my ubuntu is dead ubuntu is so weak in two months i installed ubuntu more than 5times with xp dual boot i am so tired, if my ubuntu is dead again i will leave it.
My ubuntu programs are missing after i deleted some packages from synaptic
sorry to hear about your troubles not sure what your doing wrong but maybe explaining more about the problem then my ubuntu is dead might help
because xubuntu has caused KDE and gNOME not to load
just blank screen then back to session login
I guess it would ask about ubuntu-base next - I'm not sure though, 'cos doesn't ubuntu-desktop depend on ubuntu-base?
is there a ps2 emulator exists?
yes but it barely runs
nice
hey, can someone tell me how to zip a folder?
use file-roller
the default ubuntu archive amnager?
Any idea what's the fastest/simplest way to copy about 200GB of stuff between two machines?
I only need to do that once, so I don't feel like setting up nfs
rsync
just upgraded to 11.10 and the desktop changed from having retractable bars at the bottom and top to having a mac-like permanent bar on the left (also application menus are mac-like in that they modal)
how do i switch to the olde skool interface?
You can't.
who can help me please?
 and the problem is?
 if i knew what you were talking about. I would answer.. no need to PM me.. I have no clue what you are refering to.
would someone happen to know how to disable konqueror from popping up when a cd is inserted?
anyone else having problems getting the j2sdk1.5 from the repos?
nope
is there a channel dedicated to upstart?
i'm unaware of a dedicated Upstart channel.  i think you'll find the documentation rather 'thin' as well.  Good luck.
just found #upstart ;)
Try asking in #gentoo, they surelly know more than us about it
lol, no red2kic
just making converstion ;)
hola
alguien habla español?
holaaaaaaa
Would it be possible to make a persistent DVD instead of a Live DVD? Since you can install Linux onto a flash drive smaller than 512 MiB shouldn't it, in theory, be possible? Swap might be a problem, though. And DVDs have way less writes than flash memory.
a livecd is a 'persistent' install of sorts
no. you cannot write to a DVD
can anyone email me a compiled version of gftp that works?
what about gftp in the repos?
there's this thing called apt-get
what are you guys using to burn cds?
?
grip as frontend to cdparanoia/cdrecord
Need help stopping apache2 server I tried $ sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 stop but does not stop
sudo killall apache2
guntbert: finally it stopped thanks for both of you
!restricted
I recently installed the Edgy Eft BETA and everytime I click on the upgrade icon it says I need to do a distupgrade.  Anyone know why it does this?
#ubuntu+1
What's the best way to figure which driver system Ubuntu uses for my wifi drivers? lsmod and look for the module?
lspci -k
Thanks a lot
Cube: yeah i was wondering that too recently
goddamit
i want to see the fact of the person who's decision that was
yea
And, is there a simple command I can use to repair beryl
7.10?!!  you time traveller you!  How is Gutsy Gibbon running for you?
Hi there, ever since I was 'forced' to upgrade to Oneiric I noticed that my tab complete behavior is different.  Specifically, when I tab a directory name, it returns the directory name followed by a space, which is inconvenient.  Anyone know how I customize the tab complete behavior?  Thank you
who forced you? :)
I couldn't get a display because the NVidia driver segfaulted whenever Natty booted up.  Nothing I could do would fix it (I tried many things), but my last-ditch solution worked (upgrading to Oneiric)
hex is probably the wrong word.
I'm sure someone smart will correct me.
octal
i am trying to upgrade to 12.10 and i got this message so do you guys suggest to go ahead with the upgrade or abort it ?
Your graphics hardware may not be fully supported in Ubuntu 12.10.  Running the 'unity' desktop environment is not fully supported by your graphics hardware. You will maybe end up in a very slow environment after the upgrade. Our advice is to keep the LTS version for now. For more information see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/X/Bugs/UpdateManagerWarningForUnity3D Do you still want to continue with the upgrade?
I would play it safe and not upgrade
ok, do you know of any way I could fix this? I just spend four hours going through 1000+ photos using the uploader to select what I want.
pidgin doesn't highlight stuff for me!?
my name should be bold gold right now.
can somenone help me?
i'm having problems instaling the latest Nvidia display drivers...
A better channel then is probably #ubuntu-effects.
!hi | malloc
!rar | ttt--
ubotu: the archive manager cant unrar it :/
有 人 吗 ?
第一 次 用 这 个  不太 会 用 啊
Please don't flood, use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste, don't use Enter as punctuation.
hi any solution on how to bring back the sound on my intel hda card on my compaq laptop tried alsa trouble shoot
uninstall and reinstall alsa
no use
?
 if you use skype 4, don't expect much support, as it is very new; you are then the one who tries it out
so it's not a stable release?
hi! is there anyone can help me about media players on ubuntu?
yes lots of people
'does not work' is a bit vague
do they not include the special tool? or is menu editing too esoteric for their target audience?  lol
it's not an ubuntu decision.  It's due to adopting the freedesktop.org standards.  It's just a transition period.
no, there is no menu editor yet
sudo mount, surely
and you don't really want a umask of 000
i'm root. the owner=user won't work either
please some one i need sleep didn't get much in the last few days....
ok can someone just tell me if Im wrong fetchmail send the mails he gets to postfix, right?
errm, not really .. fetchmail was designed to just download mail to a local mailbox - that's what it does primarily, but it can also be configured to forward mail on to another account .. in which case, it uses the MTA (which can be postfix, but not necessarily) to send mail.
which is the most used, k
or gnome
on ubuntu?
!compiling > Dodzey
and search for gdesklets
used to be possible
hi, it's save to install jaunty with ext4 fs ?
*safe
I consider it to be
Running 10.04, upgraded from 9.10, but not recently.  Have noticed update manager no longer runs periodically by itself.  How can I get that functionality back.
there should be an option in the gui. check it OK, close, open and recheck it
funny, I was expecting a config file or cron entry or something, should have checked that, will do, thanks
How can I set grub to boot into ubuntu automatically, without waiting for 10 seconds?
change the timeout in /boot/grub/grub.cfg
it says I'm trying to save on a read-only disk
hey
i just installed lampp over ubuntu... but am not able to edit index.html there... how can i set the permissions right?
use the command chmod
How can I see and stop an application that is running in the background?
if it's in the same terminal, fg, or else find it with 'ps -ef | grep <string>' or use htop
thank you
is ist hard to get a 3d desktop(xgl) in ubuntu?
theres a 3d desktop package
debian's package management system is nicer
i don't know what sudo sh jre-1_5_0_05-linux-1586.bin does, but it seemed to install sun java. But still java does not work. this is way too complicated.
yes, I agree you took the hard way.
do you know how to read private messages people send you?
yeah...that attitude will get him lots of help
lol
It's a test, he won't re-ask the question, and you have 30 seconds to get it right.
that is fine
everything in Ubuntu is just a couple clicks away and voila it is installed
or you can install everything via command line. whatever you fell more comfortable with
hey, i get following error when trying to open synaptic package manager or sudo through terminal: dpkg was interrupted, you must manually run 'dpkg --configure -a' to correct the problem
 then do, what it says
with a sudo in front
how do i switch to kde desktop
idownloaded  kde destop
When you log in you can choose the desktop
what did i do?
just something to read
join #ubuntu-offtopic to discuss that, please
Keksuhr English here please.
!de
i just asked him, wether he was more comfortable in german
But I don't know how to start an application in Linux :(
I'm so stupid in this
what app?
can someone help me figure out why ubuntu doesnt detect the total amount of my ram?
 can someone help me figure out why ubuntu doesnt detect the total amount of my ram?
ZFS is a new filesystem created by Sun Microsystems and has great performance boosts (OS X is using it as the default filesystem). It won't be included in the Linux kernel because the licenses conflict. It will be included in FreeBSD 7.0.
#help
help
what do you need?
i sold my 9800XT when i switched to linux exclusively on the desktop
it sucks under xorg
yep
the directory needs to be writeable by the www-data user
  I can't find that user in the GUI user admin.  just do www-data for the user?  what group, pls?
sudo chown www-data:www-data /that/directory
how do i mount a usb hard disk?
its not
mount /dev/sda1 /mnt/usb/
I wish if ubuntu 12.04 will be a papercut release only with bug fixing only no new features ... to be the best stable linux ever :)
I am having troouble with 11.04 here
what is your trouble?
did you get my PM?
did you get my link?
bit easier ;)
One more question...
is there an Ubuntu live CD version that I can download?
yes, take a look at the download section on the web site
weird, in windows i just deleted all the partitions and it said unallocated, in gparted it shows that whole space as linux-swap
Windows thinks any partition type other than it's own should just be 'unallocated' or sometimes 'unknown'
oh ok
Hi all,  when I do apt-get install oidentd on my vps, it replied with Package oidentd may be obsoleted , oidentd has no installation candidate
what should I do?
 try a different idented server?
Is there any way I can change the apt-get repository to the Debian one?
Because the Debian repository has more packages
what packages are missing from Ubuntu?
<tarelerulz> it comes in handy thats for sure, plus boots a little quicker too
<r3n0c> it's all fun and games untill you wake up one day with 'hang over face' and want to login..
 it is just that i saw it for windows, working
http://ubuntu.hosting.spherelinx.com/ubuntu-7.10-desktop-i386.iso    VEEEEERRRRRY   FAAAASST!!!!
if you keep linking it it will stop being so fast
no, the person that hosts it says he's got so much bandwidth that we're never ever going to use it all up....he's gone , afk or something...he asked me and a few others to tell others
is it not enabled by default?
not that I know of.
hischild, you could always mount it to /media and then easily access with nautilus
Ubuntu sounds bad
: if you want to game, I believe I agree with you :)
: MP3 music?
may i display a hyperlink, not rude ?
it's cool, dude
oh, i thought it was ubuntu related...
vim is fast
i'm fast with vim
you should try the vimperator plugin for firefox if you like vim, it is pretty cool
if I upgrade to hardy, will i have to reinstall all of my programs?  How can I avoid having to do this?
just using the normal live cd install?
do a network upgrade you should be ok; just back up your /home and any other important files first just in case something goes wrong
how do I disable my wlan0 at startup?
Blacklist the driver.
how to blacklist?
So. I want a graphical WYSIWYG HTML editor.... what should i use?
still, dont use wysiwyg editors...
but why why wysiwyg....
How can I see how much free space my harddisk has?
df
thanks
I customized my PS1 by copying one I liked and tweaking it, and now when I login through ssh, typing too many characters makes the line wrap to itself, so commands overwrite the prompt and become hard to read.  I assume I made a syntax error or something, because I copied and pasted.
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[00;37m\]{\e[01;34m\t\e[00;37m} | \e[00;31mEndor\e[01;32m\[\033[00m\] | \[\033[01;34m\]\W\[\033[00m\] \e[01;37m\$ '
looks like a PS1 or debian issue
can you add your own emoticons in gaim (msn)?
and how do i add them?
gaim is easy
Could my router be getting in the way of my IPv6 communications?  Like, getting all confused?
Does anyone have any clue about my connectivity problems in certain applications?
not until you state your problem
Er, how do I log on as root?
sudo -i
Good... unless you want to wait for packages to install, then go to a seperate tool to update the rest...
Any recommended versions of Ubuntu
that doesnt have as many problems as 9.10 karmic koala
Jaunty is awesome.
looking for a linux based program that can recover deleted files. The hard drive is question had windows on it. I know there are expensive commercial products that do this but I was looking for a free linux alternative. Anything in mind.
Photorec (part of the 'testdisk' package in Ubuntu) can do that.
thanks
hello how do i mount a .bin file ?
not iso
what's that bin?
i think youre talking about a compass
a two legged pencil, needle one point, writes on the other
yeah that... abhi_nav I don't have any such thing
<Martinp24>: asshole
No need for the language.
fair enough
is there a way to remove esd, or prevent it from starting unless needed?  I think it's annoying for me to have to 'killall esd' every time I boot.
what happens if you dpkg --remove esd ?
'dpkg - warning: ignoring request to remove esd which isn't installed.'
when does the next LTS of Ubuntu Server come out?
8.04 or 8.10 will be LTS, I guess the 8.04 will be the LTS one
Thanks
there's a new ubuntu ?
dapper
no im running dapper on a 450mhz 512 ram P2
ROBOd:
do you know?
I have ubuntu / xubuntu dapper Drake - its work
Can I use Ubuntu 10.04 with ATI RADEON HD 2400 ?
YEs
I have a problem, when the install cd loading, I get just the command line, and nothing X.
hey guys i need superkaramba themes
how i can find that
there are various search engins on the internet
When i enter BIOS, it tells me about the SYSTEM MEMORY and says: Installed Size = 4096MB, Usable Size = 3840MB
what does this mean?
your graphics card memory shares your RAM
any body there
yes
#vbox
are applications intercompatible between different distros?
as long as source code is available
should be able to get any linux application on any linux distro
algum brasileiro no site
#ubuntu-br
/join #ubuntu-gr
anyone help me install sun-j2re ?
can someone explian how i can get gftp to connect to glftpd auth tls required servers ?
normally (if you compile from source) you have at the protocol drop-down menu a FTPS option
i have apicture like to edit out the word PROOF on it what is the fastest way thanks ?
also how do i get to the system settings?
which version of Ubuntu?
what is a good aim sniffer tool ?
wireshark/etherreal
looking for something that does all the work.. with wireshark i have to then filter out and a steep learning curve.. i want to use something easy first
hey can anyone tell me a method to enable voice and video chat in xubuntu linux?
please
skype has video and chat???
how can I download the latest source code for WINE to compile it myself?
www.wine.com
funny but annoying. try helping or be quiet
selinexium, you'd probably want to install some mta to just do local mail, have fetchmail fetch the mail from your mail account and inject it into the local mail spool, and then procmail and spamassassin to assassinate that spam!
--force ?
Cheers, I will have to think about that. :)
guys can we dump the bios talk
it's nothing to do with ubuntu
yep!
Hi everyone, if anyone has the chance could try looking at the thread I made? I'd appreciate it http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?p=9785262
what's it about?
Sorry issues with the connection. I'm a complete newb so I can't really tell you what it's about.  I get a message that literally says unknown memory controller when I'm booting my machine. The best google research I could do was to determine it's probably an issue with the memory card reader.
is there a program to defragment my HDD on the livecd?
nope
don't fill your drives up and it shouldn't be a big problem
Hey guys, trying to install AWN Desktop manager and have run into a small problem
Apparently I don't have the required repositories to get the things needed to build it,
sudo aptitude install avant-window-navigator
Is there a relatively simple way to load a module at boot up, as opposed to login.  its' a wireless adapter module, 8712u.ko   After I login use insmod to get my wifi working.
/etc/modules
that directory doesn't exist, will that auto load modules I put in there if I create it?
is there file recovery software for linux?
they are nearly the same program
or test disk, altough I think that only works  with deleted partitions
uh, no... linux doesn't have x:
figure out where your flash drive is mounted - probably in /media/something
ls /media
http://www.sciencenews.org/pages/sn_arc99/2_27_99/bob2ref.htm
http://galliform.bhs.mq.edu.au/lizard2/Behaviour/comm_pu.html
  fine fine, you win :)
yeah onboard is great really
my realtek 6ch on board is just fine
but if you want true blueray or HD audio in movies, you need stuff like X FI
hi, is there some sort of logs of what commands were executed in the terminal?
woah! there is?? cool!
cat .bash_history
Can someone tell me how to try log in using failsafe mode in 10.04?
hold shift during boot
and when grub shows up select recovery mode
did you set up at least 4 desktops?
I know I had to do that with my default config
: I have put 4 desktops
Hi, I'm having issues installing the driver for my wifi card (Intel 4965AGN). I got a website to go to (https://help.ubuntu.com/community/WifiDocs/Driver/Intel_4965_AGN_WiFi_Driver/Fiesty) from someone here. It tells me I need the Windows driver for the card and the tar for ndiswrapper. I got these and put them on my usb flash drive, but when I reboot into ubuntu, it has me put 'sudo apt-get update' which I think connects to the internet. 
only connects to the interblags if you have them. Doesn't require.  It's getting you to be able to install ndiswrapper.  You need to do `sudo apt-cdrom add` (with te CDrom in the drive) and then sudo apt-get update (your CDrom has a repository on it, with ndiswrapper in it)
then you'll need to mount the ISO, and then add that 'cdrom'
I Am Helping Him
His Problem Is Solved Now
ok
hello. i've just booted my laptop with ubuntu 11.04 and it just froze on the purple screen. this is not the first time this has happened. how can i debug this?
anyone?
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1743535
Hi all! I'm having some issues and I was wondering if someone here would be kind enough to help me :)
we can't help you until you ask a meaningful question
that's not a meaningful question
what's the name of the default theme for ubuntu 9.04?
i want to restore default but i can't tell which one that was
default is human
Ok, i have a space prob. I have a small hdd (30gb) and something is taking up a bunch of space, and i can't find it. I barely have anything other then ubuntu itself on it, yet i only have 6.5 gb space left. what could be taking up all that space? And how can i find it? I use the disk usage analyzer, yet it shows nothing big, and that my hdd is almost empty.
but says it has only 6.5gb space left
 in a terminal, type this command, replace 1G with 500M or so, if you like        find / -size +1G -exec ls -l {} \;
cirkit:
:))
yes, im super ubunew
when writing a Script, is it the processor that reads the lines beginning with # ?
for shell scripts all lines starting with # except line 1 is ignored
The shell running it reads line 1
can change /var/www to some other directory?
how do you wisper? sorry for stupid question...
wisper?
hello Everybody, there's anyone here who does PHP?
 hello Everybody, there's anyone here who does PHP?
#php ?
I'm trying to find out what media players use the libgme0 package. I have quite a lot of psf and smc files that I want to listen to.
Does anyone know of any programs that play those files?
looks like umm smil meta files..
Does that require gnome on the remote machine?
yes, and good network
thanks.
How can I determine what OS I am running from a terminal?
lsb_release -a && uname -a
Thank you, kind sir!
Hello, if someone needs to upgrade Ubuntu from Intrepid to Jaunty, would they need the Alternate CD/DVD or either Desktop or Alternate CD/DVD will work?
you need the alternate CD.  or do a network upgrade.
Thank you!
!samba
please dont fish.. /msg ubotu whatever
sorry still learning...
anyone know the minimun system for ubunto
ubuntu
I'd recommend a lightweight desktop overall.. XFCE as DE, Dillo as web browser, AbiWord for word processing, etc etc.
gparted is completely unreliable for resizing
hmm, not really.. I have found it 100% reliable for all the various file systems I have used it on. perhaps you had a buggy version
ab, that is whats known as a point of view..
I Need help im trying to get read & write permissions on my usb external its a 200gb and in ntfs format ive got ntfs-3g driver and ntfs config but when i open config it doesnt give me a drive to select just pops up read and write permission does anyone know what the problem is your help would be appreciated
im running xubuntu 8.10 new installation last night
you familiar with chmod command?
how do I install an unstable package using apt-get?
what's the error?
I'm using xmlrpc2
Who wants a piece of ass?
-93.15394
ima buttmunch!
how do i install 32 bit flash for 64 bit
?
 you probably need a seperate chroot for that
Good morning guys, sorry if this is a noob question but does anybody know a utility to erase a dvd-r for re-burning?
maybe try k3b ? for dvd-rw
 neededs to be vdv-readable writeable aka dvd-rw
for some reason my ubuntu server does not have the command add-apt-repository , I have already edited the /etc/apt/sources.list file and uncommented the 'partners' repo but i cant find sun java, how can i check if the partners repo is activated?
Use Synaptic, or edit /etc/apt/sources.list manually.
i only have cli, and have already edited /etc/apt/sources.list, I think I forgot to update though
Ugh.  Just 'completely uninstalled' apache2, and it left *all* the files there.
Jaunty AMD64.  Uninstalled apache2, apache2-common, etc.  and /etc/apache2 and all its files stayed there, as well as /var/log/apache2 and /var/www.  I don't think it deleted a single file.
it would have removed the binaries and libraries not needed by other programs
what does 'save current set up' in the log out/shut down dialog mean?
The applications you have open will be restarted when you next log in
thanks
would it help if I provide more details about my network?
sure
router is 192.168.1.1, netmask should be 255.255.255.0, the dhcp range is 192.168.1.50 and up, and I'm trying to assign it 192.168.1.5 (though it really doesn't matter as long as I can give it any static on the network)
what's the easiest way to install kde over gnome on a fresh install?
sudo aptitude install kubuntu-desktop
if you use aptitude, and decide you don't care for KDE, you can remove it all easily with one command 'sudo aptitude remove kubuntu-desktop' -- aptitude will track the dependancies that package installed and remove them for you.
Do I need any Anti-Virus on Ubuntu server ?
aim : I am using ufw. Is it fine ?
Yes.
!tar
what are you trying to do? :)
and kbrooks I just neded help on how to untar a tar.gz file. tar -zxvf didn't work
so cheatr is it worth the upgrade?
I have plenty 7.04 machines
It's pretty stable at this point. Plenty of new features. I see no reason not to upgrade. But give the live cd a try first
I'd still go for xubuntu but that's just a matter of tastes
it's more of a matter of speed I guess :)
if performance is an issue then you shouldn't even have xorg
Where is this Log file?
Is there a simple way to download and install a display driver like in other operating systems
| !envy
since gutsy has a gui for setting up resolution i don't think u need to run xorg.conf
I cannot change it in the gui
have u tried all the options in it? the is a wide screen option in it
trijntje he is using lenny but think that is ubuntu 3
what's up?
open his link and see
you are here
yes
have you seen https://answers.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/firefox-3.0/+question/31925
The Firefox I am running on my Windows box is 3.5.<something> but the Firefox on my Ubuntu box is 3.0.<something>. Is this deliberate?
yes.  Firefox 3.5 doesn't ship with Jaunty; you'll have to install it yourself.
leaf-sheep, Pici ah ok .. is there any 'official Ubuntu' way of install this Firefox that wouldn't void my warranty? ;-)
wow no clue what is wrong with my CD or my computer or something
we won't know either, untill you give more info
post hardware
Can anyone tell me why i would't be able to create files / folders on a smbmount created as follows: smbmount //winpc/shared /mnt/share -o username=user,password=pass,rw
you do not have permission.
is it ntfs ?
No reactions to ubuntu's value as a mail server?
well it seems sarge will be released Very Soon Now (tm) :)
woody is old :) sarge is NEW and SHINY :D
Does anyone know how to change the firefox backspace from page up to actually back
you have alt left arrow - as I have not looked at that kind of detail
have a look at about:config which is how you do a lot of config stuff to the browser - btw only change one thing at a time and write it down ;-)
Hello?
I have never used an irc client before
this is a good place to start ;)
so many people in this channel
Can I have network connections between ubuntu and vista?
you just have to configure the pcs in the same subnet and domain
hi all
i have a small problem with ubuntu 9.10
what's your problem, someone will help if they know the answer :)
hey are we allowed to ask support type questions in here?
I read the topic...
yes, but it doesn't mean you will always get help. :)
someone can use a bar code software
Wut?
We have no idea what you are saying....
I'm too tired to take any risks at the moment. Any other suggestions?
ok
'they'?
sudo rm -R /
just kidding.. dont do that
please don't say that even as a joke here
ah k
Drac[Server] : it would be a good idea to go over to #ubuntu+1 (dapper help)
yes, and wait for six hours before I get an answer. What a great idea!
Best remastering tool in ubuntu?
I mean the good one to use
uck
ubuntu stuck on loading screen after updates. someone please help
shift at boot
after post hold shift
anyone know how to use two webcams at once?
root is a user on every distro except Ubuntu I think
its a user on ubuntu too
I have continual problems with mounting external hard drive - WD 160GB ...drive clicks on and off and will not be mounted. Was having same problem in 9.04. Have tried chkdsk -f on Winxp. No error messages come up.
... Huh? 10.04 of what?
sorry ...it's early and have just woken up ....9.10 of course!  :/
Hey!
So I'm installing Ubuntu Hardy on my brother's laptop. Will Wireless work because he always uses wireless?
wireless worked by default on my IBM Thinkpad laptop...
what is linyxmint
linuxmint is just another linux distro
google search for 'linux distros'
what is the error message?
I'm going to install it manually not via apt.....I've removed it from apt now....thx anyhow
sure
what's the command for listing all connected pci devices?
: lspci
thanks
64 or 32 bit?
What I'm really trying to do is just setup an isolated public network on a 2nd router.
here's a mirror, you can find all the torrents there: http://mirror.csclub.uwaterloo.ca/ubuntu-releases/10.04.2/
Brack10:open a terinal..
done
several people were tying to help, sorry
is there anything like this (http://www.design-simulation.com) for ubuntu?
you mean CAD?  yes, although they are smaller...
look for QCad in Synaptic
is there any way i can mount an image (.bin, .cue) without burning it in linux?
.iso is possible normally... don't know about .bin & .cue, but this shall maybe...
yeah, maybe -loop or smth like that
anyone had any experience getting an ati radeon gfx card to run compiz?
this channel is a lot busier than i remember it to be....
odd, i remember this being so active i can't follow any of the three simultaneous conversations
how can i start learning Qt in ubuntu?
install qt creator, assistant, designer
and here is documentation http://qt.nokia.com/
can someone help me
dont ask for help just ask your qestion
at boot time use server
hello all. does ubuntu-ee work in any pc other than eee?
id imagine not so well as the kernel and other guff is very optomised for the eeepc
hm...thanks
hello everyone, can someone help a newbie here?
what's the trouble?
go to terminal and then type 'wine <path to installation executable for windows app>
why he get banned?
why did he get banned????????????????????????????????
generally, only one mark is needed for puncuation. :)
hello folks!
anybody knows a good suicide channel?
why what's going on?
hi guys
need a help with my wi-fi pen
welcome to the end of the internet
can anyone tell me how to add a linux-swap to a partition?
terminal -- cfdisk -- new partittion in empty space, choose type swap
try to close applications which make use of your network. could be a band probl.
Would install via USB on boot but I'd like to have the disk instead. Don't feel like burning it either.
sudo apt-get divorce ?
purgr
Hey, does anyone know the status on the stability of the broadcom 4311 chipset with bcm43xx?
I know I need to cut firmware, but the bcm43xx driver is listed as 'unstable' for the 4311 chipset. Are there any changes in that?
hrm sorry i have no idea.  kernel 2.6.20.2 was just released the other day though.  you might search the kernel mailing lists.  all i know is that i got bcm43xx working on one of my laptops but i dont think it was a 4311
how u find IP addy in  Ubuntu?    Terminal      ipconfig /all ?
: ifconfig
> either gksu gedit /etc/network/interfaces or ... what heguru said.
Hi everybody
There is a shell script I want to launch every time ubuntu starts. Problem: It never returns and run permanently the whole session. How do I do?
  put an & sign at the end and it will go into the background
is there a date for breezy yet?
oct 13
yes :)
you have to find and add the repo for it
you can find it if you go to enlightenment.com
if you're talking about wifi, you can still use network manager, or use wicd
hi. I'm having trouble getting   my wireless ( bcm43xx ) to work on dapper-flight-3. Tried google and got more confused. Will ndiswrrapper work ?
ndiswrapper should work on x86 machines
ndiswrapper-module1.5 or 1.8  ? where can i get 1.8  ?
I'm trying to unrar a file from a LiveCD. Not having much luck.
are you using 7zip?
the rar/unrar util. If I don't sudo it says i lack permission, if I do sudo it can't find it.
!mount
please, how to make sur my hdd's mount when I reebot?
^^^
hi, i'm running latest kernel 2.6.10-ac6 and having some strange video corruption when vmware is started, any ideas? I've reverted to 2.6.9 and no problem
That sounds like 'My hand hurts when I put it in the fire!, what do I do?'
i don't consider 2.6.10 to be a fire but maybe
oh I got oneiric installed lalala lalala
Yes, though I couldn't tell you specifically what glyphs / languages. I don't think any one font supports *all* unicode characters.
would you tell me some codepoint that would work in latin-1 pt_BR?
ty
to scan windoze stuff ?
you're welcome. It's a handy stuff.
Is it true that ubuntu is now ad-supported?
well you can disable it now in Unity 6.8.0 :D
well at least the lens
I'm having random logoffs and freezes on ubuntu 12.04 LTS. My suspition is that it has something to do with the video card beeing from nvidia... any ideas on how to solve this?
yea same here buddy
nvidia too?
is ubuntu usable on a 586? as in, is it not compiled for 686?
it shouldnt matter
oh, it does. if a program/kernel is compiled for a 686-class machine, it will NOT work at all on anything less
halp
how do I install shit using terminal
i dont think you want to do that
i dont know what im doing wrong sudo gedit/etc/samba/smb.conf does not work
i tried reisntalling gedit already
you gksudo rather than sudo
what do you guys think about a business card witth the phrase: 'I don't work for money' big in the front and 'It's all about the challenge' in the back, along with the info and a qrcode?
you will sure get a few laughs
:P
hey guys, I've used Ubuntu for a few years, now i bought a Mac and i want to get ubuntu on it. But I want to get my hands on 9.04, My question is, if i install the Beta, will my install 'evolve' into the same install as a the release. That is if i keep the system up to date?
1) Jaunty/9.04 questions and support in #ubuntu+1, not here. 2) Yes.
sry, ill keep that in mind
hi..
trying do upgrade to 11 i'm getting errors
The servers are overloaded.
*burned
Anyone else got a clue why he cant install the 386 package?
Sorry.
USB stick, booting the ISO directly, using VirtualBox with a real drive as a host HD...
i never knew you could do that w/ virtualbox
VBoxManage internalcommands createrawvmdk -rawdisk /dev/sda -filename lol.vdi
would like to install ubuntu or a variant there of onto a P3 766Mhz with 376MB of memory. What would you all here suggest I use?
probably xubuntu
no guarantees but the specs are good enough
i setup an apache2 server.. which user should administer this server?
thx
Any user can adminster the server.  www-data is the user apache2 runs as, so if you're having permission problems, make sure www-data can do whatever you're trying to do.
hi everyone!!
how to enable super key on the gnome?
it's enabled by default
i know. but im not very smart with computers, but i thought that was neato
wait. that actually WORKED?
yes. but i didnt say ppc
holy heck... I have 14k lines of logs on july 2nd
wtf was going on there?
paste all the july 2nd log in pastebin
what's in /etc/hosts ?
127.0.0.1 localhost and 127.0.1.1 sauron
sauron should point to your pc's ip-adres, that it gets from the router
Does anyone know if there exists a free (as in beer) continious disk-to-disk backup app for linux?
what does 'continuous' mean in this context?
It means that every file is backed up as soon as it changes
ive tried changing the bios to boot from disk, but it still ignores it
yes
in the bios does it see the cdrom? what is manufacturer if this is a lappy
i seem to have a broken xserver.   it will run for root  but not for anyone else.  thoughts?
dapper drake
 error messages?
was it hard?
all :)
what is your issue?
anyone know what happen with #linux ?
nick flood attack ?
ask in #freenode
anyone know what is up w/ archive.ubuntu.com
heh i didnt even realize it was release day
perhaps a million or so
hi guys.. need some help with XAMPP.
so I installed XAMPP on Linux with Alien and did chown username -r /opt/lampp so i could copy files there. after that, when i tried to access http://localhost/phpmyadmin I got the error 'chown cpanel.cpanel config.inc.php', so how do I give everyone read perms to that file/directory?
why not just install apache2, php and mysql from the repos?
psybnc rocks!
really now.
Yes, we know.
do u know how to change your default python?
I do not , sorry.
thats okay, i dont suppose u know how to uninstall something when u installed from source do you?
I am looking for a linux book, do you guys have any recommendations?
I'm kinda lookin for an actual book... but a quick guide would be good to have
tldp.org
is there anything for ubuntu that can convert wma to mp3 in ubuntu?
I wonder, if loseless convertion from wma to mp3 is even possible.
Not sure anyway.
Hi. I get a: 'configure: error: no acceptable C compiler found in $PATH' when I try to install any application.
I just installed Ubuntu and uh... What C-compiler do I need?
gcc
hey, is updating from 4.10 to the latest OK?
no, dist-upgrading is only defined up to the next release
the source changes on that page are the same, except s/breezy/dapper/
fresh install of Feisty with new Nvidia 7600gs video card. Enabled restricted drivers now on boot get Unsupported Video Mode. What should I do
 fresh install of Feisty with new Nvidia 7600gs video card. Enabled restricted drivers now on boot get Unsupported Video Mode. What should I do
reboot in recovery mode.  then, sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
how do i set up syntax highlighment in vi?
tks seveas :)
edit /etc/vim/vimrc and uncomment syntax on
there is no warranty that ubuntu will be actually functional at all.
ok again sorry. I don't do this mistake again ok?
therefore, you cannot sue for redress.
help: how do i get a Dock similar to MAC/apple?? what is the application called? can i find it on the package manager?
try kiba-dock
thx
I recently downloaded Feisty Fawn, though when I go to boot it from CD my desktop does not recognize it as a bootable image.
What can I try to get it to work?
what happens when you try to open the cd? Was it burned as a file, or as an image?
hi how to install winxp from ubuntu on a hard drive to havve two OS?
BUTthe partition must be NTFS formated?
you should just repartition, and setup windows on the first partition
anyone know of an app that can auto tag mp3 files for me witht he correct song name and artist?
if you find out, please let me know as well.  I've been looking for the same thing.
well i was suggested 2 proggies for windows
need to download software to open bin files
what software?
There's a software called archive manager present in ubuntu laready for that.
hmm, I'll try to ask Debian guys too.
I doubt the debain guys will support ubuntu
iwlwifi is open source....
Anyone have any advice on fixing a sticky spacebar without using tolls?
s/tolls/tools
 qtip and some distilled water... depends on why its sticking
one option: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SmartBootManagerHowto
actually, that isn't an option it seems :-/
things seem to get complicated if you don't have a cd drive, but i'd start here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Installation/  looking at the advanced methods in particular
yohoo, i've finished downloading win vista ultimate, Yeah!
lol
wrong channel, please join ##windows
need _HELP_: I've got a Toshiba L40 not showing my wlan device. It's internally usb connected(appears in lsusb), I've tried the normal ndiswrapper approaches but it's not working :\\
what chip?
not sure :| lsusb: Bus 006 Device 002: ID 0bda:8197 Realtek Semiconductor Corp.
hi, anybody who knows a thing or two about Perl? (XML::Simple specifically)
anything in particular ?
yup, I have the hash structure produced by XMLin, but I cannot access the array that it creates (always says the length is greater than it is)
Hello
How can install file .tar.zag without internet??
do what ikonia said to inpxfx
Anyone know how to unaccept the sun license once it has been accepted?
apt-get purge?
purge doesn't do anything for it
how to install emerald themes?
theres no button? you've tried drag and drop?
emerald manager contains no themes.how to add..?
http://www.google.com.au/search?hl=en&q=uidelines+>+noobez
help
thanks
how can i install every files from xfce with one command
apt-get install xfce4 ???
apt-get instal xubuntu-desktop
slart: thanks I had done /usr/shared seems to be for read only stuff
would just making a new directory, say /files or /data be appropriate?
check out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filesystem_Hierarchy_Standard   You can also create a user account named shared that is accessible to everyone as well
that's not welcomed here
are you being racist?
don't talk down on me becuz im black
Im having trouble downloading AIM. Could anyone tell me how?
I can't seem to find the installer
use pidgin
Is it possible to upgrade from breezy preview to breezy release?
not just now :)
try again when breezy is released
Shadoww, transmission works pretty well
Assuming you don't need a lot of functionality
not for me, can't reach stable 12.5MB/s upload with it
how to play rm files
helixplayer
not all printers have working drivers. maybe try a 'similar' model's driver
you need to modify the apt configuration to point to breezy, and then dist-upgrade.  I believe there's a howto in the wiki somewhere
I was asking if there's any special thing to keep in mind
thanks
My sound goes when I use frostwire, comes back when I do a restart
log a bug
dmesg | tail
My install CD hangs at the loading screen... what do i do?
is there a button to display the detailed info instead of the nice scrolly bar that tells me nothing?
try the alternate CD?
how do you change/install themes?
and the Login manager?
System / Preferences / theme
hey
hey which is better, debian or ubuntu
depends where you ask
am thinking of buying a dell inspiron 6400 or 640m laptop, anyone running the fawn on either model?
i would just wait until dell puts out their preloaded linux laptop
i'm lazy like that though:)
what do i have to do to get more than 5 fps from tuxracer ?
what's your graphic card?
PacoBCN : asus v7700 deluxe / gpu : geforce 2 gts
i know this isnt a SQL room, but can anyone tell me what is wrong with this? grant all privileges on database.* to testuser identified by 'testuser';
do i need to specify a specific table?
try -privileges
Is there a command you can use (in terminal) to unzip a *.zip file?
Wow, that was easy, heh.
try unzip
Can anyone in here help me with a gnome problem
can anyone help me with a gnome problem
it would maybe help us figure out if we can help if you would be so nice to state the problem
nooooooooooooooooo sound
please take that elsewhere
watch the language
hey, how can I format my memory card? sth like vfat /media/disk doenst work :(
mkfs.vfat /dev/xxxx
you need to use sudo
hey i heard that beryl 2.0 got released, but ubuntu didn't tell me about any update, what's wrong?
that's because it isn't packaged in the repository you're using yet
no
Ive spent some time on ##xen and had some help trying to figure out what it was with no avail. While building i got error http://pastebin.com/kCG7sPUX .
first check if the bug has already been reported, if not, file a report
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/ReportingBugs
Anyone know how to prevent Ubuntu/apt from wrecking config files when you update?
separate /home usually does it for me...
No, i mean the config files in /etc. It's managed to mess up the dovecot config this time. Silly of me to do an update I guess - usually never update servers after install as I know ubuntu is pretty bad for this...
why is that whenever i try to install a theme from art.gnome.org i get invalid file type error
What's the extension of it?
I don't have much experience with GNOME but as far as I know you just drag-and-drop the archive to the theme manager.
Well, I can't even figure out how to get it to start in 'text mode'
in fact, apparently runlevel 2 is 'graphical mode' now
shift at boot and e to edit and replace splash with text and ctrl-x to boot and happy
is  ubuntu's reportbug, like, integrated with Malone?
MOTU's uses Malone
ah; I was thinking it might be comparable with e.g. http://bugs.qa.debian.org/
Can't say I have any better advise, but you could try ntop to measure your network.
 What does ntop do?
its like top for your network
is anyone else having a growing dislike for gnome?
oh yeah
gnome-shell has fixed some of the issues for me, but it's still a huge step back.. at least for 'power users'
the system updates message is from the motd, from /etc/update-motd.d/
awesome, thank you. it's a pain since it slows down login
man 5 update-motd; has a good overview, although if you want to disable any scripts, just chmod -x them
I have a question if someone has a moment. Is there a way to download the Ubuntu upgrade (12.04) via the upgrade tool without continuing on until later?
i don't think so, you'd have to download + upgrade at the same time, don't think you can download and save for later
 curse. Ok. thanks!
Is this a good channel to ask about installing Ubuntu on a Mac?
Is this a good channel to ask about installing Ubuntu on a Mac?
Yes.
what is the command to scroll through the workspaces
the keyboard shortcut
ctrl alt arrow keys
on ubuntu upgrades.. why does it say the following packages have been held back.. if i run sudo apt-get upgrade it doesnt upgrade them unless i click on the gui and press install..
thanks evowill :)
those usually get installed if you use dist-upgrade
What formatting options are available on Ubuntu? NTFS? FAT? FAT32?
Ah, thanks.
you can only easily install systems on ext2, ext3, xfs, jfs, reiserfs, reiser4fs and maybe a few others.  NTFS, fat, and many others are supported for creating filesystems.  Some, like hpfs (mac) are supported read only.
sometimes in ubuntu with firefox the content of an given page is not the most update
probably just cached content
caching, as I told you
FUCK
!ops nickrud
enough already
!gnucash
Thanks _jason
there's also grisbi
when i want to copy a file with cp wich have a space in the name, what i have t write in the terminal?
ok thx
When you hit the last letter before the space, hit Tab and it will do the escape slash for you
Re-ask: Are there any other ways to run windows apps (Mainly games and the like) aside from Cedega/Wine, or should I give up?
Try VirtualBox.
Emulator?
with reference to the ubuntu live CD is there a list of boot options somewhere?/
anyone?
most likely on the cd, cause, that is what boots the options...
Im talking to my dad on pidgin and I'd like to know his IP, how can I find this?
let him go to www.whatismyip.org and tell you
that sounds like an idea
Has anybody been able to configure a Atheros network card via iwconfig? Seems the only way to do this is uing NetworkManager and dbus, but my poor old Sony picturebook doesnt have enough guts to run gnome
 you could try 'wicd'
 no idea.  ive used it once ages ago.
I am having trouble creating a pbuilder chroot, where would be the best place to ask my questions?
I am having trouble creating a pbuilder chroot, where would be the best place to ask my questions?
what sort of problems? generally you just: sudo pbuilder create; and it will build the default one for your current distro
dont use Lexmart printers either.
osx has several very old holes in it.
what old holes?
hello how do you change  mac address in ubuntu
via `ifconfig'
 howlingmadhowi1  thanks
In which file should I put commands that should be executed at boot time, such as 'echo 2 > /sys/module/processor/parameters/max_cstate' ?
/etc/init.d/bootmisc.sh
and crimsun: Thanks!
hey, how do i install java, i downloaded the .bin but cant install it
It's in the repos
The firefox plugin doesn't work?
hello
i am in duesseldorf
kölle alaf :)
Hello.
Can i install ubuntu or my external hd?
I don't see why not.  Can you boot from it?
does anyone know of a good program that allows me to edit flash files and a program that allows me to mount iso files as cd rom drives?
2) mount -o loop file.iso /path/to/mountpoint
thanks again for help!
how can i get my .sh files to open with xfce-terminal?
and not with 'sh'
./blah.sh
Is there anyone else who had troubles with NVidia drivers in Breezy?
I've disabled the nvidia drivers, but I want to play games that use OpenGL. What should I use?
 Nvidia drivers.....
Gnea,I am on a p4 2ghz with 2 gig ddr300 ram
uname -a
Linux ADAM 2.6.24-22-rt #1 SMP PREEMPT RT Mon Nov 24 20:47:19 UTC 2008 i686 GNU/Linux
what's synaptic?
oh the update application?
im kind of surprised that there isnt an itunes port for linux... since mac os runs on a similar kernel
just in case check the size of ~/.xsession-errors
thats not it then... try du -h --max-depth=1 in your home :)
I found an interesting magic trick!
How does one get the cube to appear for Compiz now it's set up?
It's enabled.
 You have to set the settings in the cube rotation plugin.
when i'am going to change my login screen an error message occupears: you are not running GDE. how do i run GDE anyone?
when i'am going to change my login screen an error message occupears: you are not running GDE. how do i run GDE anyone?
first piece of advice I'm going to give you is, stop repeating
I have a very sad question to ask: How can I install windows XP on another disc without screwing up grub?
install it in a VM ;-)
do you have 3d acceleration set up properly in the host OS?
brokenda1apoint, look at man screen
 What about it?
 he could try.
how can i change the wallpaper on the login screen ?
use ubuntu tweak. or use gdm2setup
tnx
There's an /etc/dhcp3 dir, but dhcp-client isn't installed, neither is udhcpc.
okay, apt-get -s remove dhcp3-client suggests it'll remove 'ubuntu-base'. I'm guessing that would be a bad thing.
 why do you want to remove it?
ifyou just want auto login then run sudo gdmsetup
do you have gnome-keyring-daemon in your startup applications?
sorry i didn;t notice if you use gnome?. for good eating spread jam thickly on keyboard
Hey, I am using Lubuntu 10.10, and my dock is sketching out pretty bad. things keep moving when they aren't supposed to be
Does anyone know how to fix my problem?
try #lubuntu
mad wifi
madwifi?
how?
is there some sort of help channel for this forum?
you mean an irc help channel?
/join #python
is a linux flavor so is it bad for me to try to help?
10.10 64 bit torrent + webseed link http://burnbit.com/torrent/156840/ubuntu_10_10_desktop_amd64_iso
10.10 64 bit torrent + webseed link http://burnbit.com/torrent/156840/ubuntu_10_10_desktop_amd64_iso
i had a bunch of problems with the network update too .... i re-installed using THE lIVEcd ... AND ITS NOW WORKING PERFECTLY ...
I am going to install from the Live CD right now, but I will NEVER do another network upgrade.
On the LiveCD, the network manager worked perfectly.
Hi Everyone.
Got an little Problem - I accidentally trashed my Grub boot loader (the whole boot sector is gone) Anyone know how to Recover it??? Thank you
you can rebuild grub pretty easily :)
is there anyone who can help me with installing a wireless usb stick?
i cant pm
you need to register your nickname first
hey guys have you ever encountered a 'no such file or directory' error message? I was doing a sudo nano and the conf was empty!
just about everything I try to do gives me that message lol
because they are choking on rotten sardines. clean your desk!!!!!!!
Hi, how is remote desktop supposed to work? I mean, sharing desktop etc.
I cant login!
 linux/windows, or linux/linux
is it possible to update the beta to full?
Just do regular updates and you're all set!
Just do regular updates and you're all set!
how do i enable the universe compnent
software-properties-gtk -e universe
or system > admin > software sources, first tab
how can i search for a package in the ubuntu repo?
like the debian have..
aptitude search <package>
what recommendations are there for recording your desktop ?? what programs seem to do a good job ? ( ubuntu 9.04)
recordmydesktop-gtk or similar
np :)
LOL.. Okey..
So, Can I make android into an Wireless AP
ask in an android channel
Hi, i have configured a serialport with stty
for complicated reasons i need to flush the 'read buffer', is this posible?
reboot
pozic , Shall we move on?.. ;)
I hope you may be able to enlighten me and tell me how to properly check the current version of my AMD driver?
Not definitively, no, I can not; sorry.
Hey, how can I do an apt-get install of gstreamer-0.8-mad?  It says that it couldn't find package, and befor ethat it says that it couldn't stat source package list (2 no such file or directory) .. it does it quite a bit..
it's gstreamer0.8-mad
that doesnt work neither.. same error
hellol all noob needing help
what do you need help with?
perhaps your cd is dysfunctional?
that's the inevitable question, *gg* no, im fine with OSX, but just like to play around with different *nix's
hehe I hear that.. I like win98, but here I am in Ubuntu :)
I don't own a mac, but I do remember seeing some mac howtos on the wiki
can anyonee tell me the terminal cmd to type to find out how my hard drive is partitioned?
hm that one doesn't look familiar
cfdisk /dev/hda
does anyone know when firefox 3.6 will be put in the ubuntu repos?
It will possibly be in the repo's for Lucid, but normally the new versions aren't backdated into an older version of Ubuntu
thanks for the info!
hi, what is the newest version of ubuntu?
is it version 5.1 or 6?
until June 1, breezy is the latest _stable_
can anyone suggest a good pdf editor?
anything that will let me actually edit the pdf should suffice.  all i've found are readers.
if all else fails, you can import the pdf into gimp and draw on it
search for rar in your packetmanager
7z
 rar and unrar? installing these will do it?
does any one know if ubuntu suports the PNY Verto video Card?
does ubuntu support PNY video cards?
It doesn't matter who makes them, it's the chipset that counts
 Hello there. I try to compile vlc player from source on Karmic Koala, but get error 'Could not find libavcodec or libavutil', although i have these libraries in /usr/lib/
do you not want to install the pre-configured package?
as i understood, dvb support is not availble in pre-configured package
i want install avant-window-navigator,but i can't find it.
try awn instead?
hm, that doesn't seem to be it.
anyone have any ideas on how i could resolve this bug? https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/235629
Please post description of the problem when posting a link
my wireless and sound card stopped working after upgrading to hardy 8.04 (2.6.24-17).
your not supposed to know what your getting for christmas
hello nvictor
Well, parents just wanted to make sure the black friday deals were actually good :)
welcome back, kenny
~/.fonts works too. ;)
ah.. I knew there had to be a better way =)
Hey folks -- what's the deal with no PowerPC build posted yet for 7.04?
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/PowerPCFAQ  (it is a community port now)
thanks, much appreciated.
!gpgerr | noob-tux
This is a different kind of GPG error.
I think the kernel names it, but udev can rename it to keep cards consistent if you need them to be
is there a way to see a Linux partition in Windows?
is there a way to see a Linux partition in Windows?
Not really, no. There's http://www.fs-driver.org/ , but it's ext3 only, not ext4. and I don't think it works with ext3 defaults in Ubuntu anyway.
Does anybody know how to disable the RF kill switch when there's no such switch on my laptop?
check bios settings!
make model of laptop?
!offtopic
Its already busy enough here with the netsplits and whatnot, can we please move the offtopic conversations to #ubuntu-offtopic, thanks :)
yup
i'm trying to mount an ntfs drive and i'm getting 'mount: unknown filesystem type 'ntfs''
anyone know what to do?
usually you mount them with the ntfs-3g userspace fs driver so its actually a fuseblk filesystem not sure exactly what the mount command would look like
hi there, could someone give me a hand with a problem im having with accessing my shared ubuntu folders on a windows network please?
You mean accesing ubuntu from Windows??
cant help u on that.. dont got a network yet where to test =/
After I resume from sleep, I can't play sound files, though the system beep works.  Sound works again after I remove and reinsert the sound driver module.  Same thing with the ethernet card.  Any help?
that is a deep problem, submit a bug on launchpad, think it's unlikely there is a workaround for such an issue
thanks!
i need help: interfaces> 'iface eth1 inet dhcp' - i need address only.
eh?!
well, tough -> if what you need is interface ip, <ifconfig>. If you need to give that interface a static address -> let's talk about this :P
Ubuntu 12.04 LTS is out??
Is it stable enough to upgrade?  O_O
yes LTS is out.
I need a sysadmin to help me with a server, not for free, of course, so how can I find one - I'd prefer someone who contributes to Ubuntu.
what do you need done to it?
need to harden it, and migrate some user accounts etc -- set it all up right, nameservers, etc etc
The Ubuntu forums are down, is there a mirror or cached version I can see them on?
google cache
ziroday: thanks
useful tip
if the executable is somewhere in PATH then the shell will find it
« which command » will tell you where the executable is
is kubuntu stable compare to xubuntu?
is kubuntu stable compare to xubuntu?
perhaps better ask in #kubuntu and/or #xubuntu, although that's a very subjective question i feel.
Is the Penguin Liberation Front breezy repository safe to use with Dapper?
no
So currently there's no sources for 'litigous' software?
let me try the install again
you need to disable acpi then, try setting the noapic flag
yah, pretty much ignore what i said about the noapic flag, that's completely different from ACPI! ;-)
Hey all.  I have a pretty basic question about grub.
So, I've got an XP install on an IDE drive when my primary drive is SATA.  So, its (hd0,0).  What's my IDE drive, then?
for grub, it should be hd1
is there an easy way to find out what command starts an application installed via the software center?
ghex in this case
dpkg -L ghex |grep bin
performance question: i have installed ubuntu 5.10 on my duron 1000 (morgan) + 256MB and the performance is really slow. I am running the standard desktop (Gnome) and have installed all upgrades till now...
question is: anything i can do to speed ubuntu up?
buy better hardware ;)
How can I disable the autologout on idle for a locally logged on user?
under your screen saver if you are using gnome
I dont even use Ubuntu so I can only guess what they did to the UI
what is wrong with flash in ubuntu
 Adobe doing bad things normally...
 open the appearance config tool.. and drag/drop the theme downloads to it. for the most part.
name change  ??????
one more time with nick change
/nick newnick
Question: whats the proper 'linux' terminology for say the Theme Preferences ___blank____ ... my M$ instinct is to say 'Theme Preferences Window' but I dont wanna look like a n00b if theres a better way to say it.... dialog?
system > preferences > appearances settings
Visual themes might be what you're thinking of though
there is a ppa for libreoffice but i think it's considered beta
okay. does it replace the open office files?
you have to remove OOorg completely and then find the ppa and follow the instructions.. I haven't done it so YMMV
how i got Doom1/2 working under Lucid - http://sites.google.com/site/alucidfs/gaming/doom-1-2
Sorry, never tried to install doom.
sorry wrong nic
cannot install anything with apt... is there a problem with the Ubuntu repo servers?
try a 'sudo apt-get update' ?
then maybe it is your mirror...
I've just followed EdgyUpgrades apt-get method, and amongst other things, 'ubuntu-minimal' is kept back apparently as a result, upstart is not installed
make sure you run apt-get dist-upgrade twice.
done that.
i need a standlone download manger any suggestions ??
root_:hello mint guy please get out 4m here
no need to be hostile
how long does it usually take to install 10.10, there
theres no status bar
when I installed it, it took forever, mainly because I was repartitioning my drive (and it took ~7min to get the parition table of my disk)
what does the 'su' command need in order to work (except a valid user and password)
for me, I try to 'su myUser' and it does nothing... I'm still root
type exit at terminal
i have a >3GB .iso file. but when i mount it, then check the mountpoint, it's empty. how come ?
after mounting look at dmesg for errors
http://paste.ubuntu.com/63153/
bah
i like to see what my OS is doing while booting
you can do verbose mode
at boot, do my nfs mount points get defined by /etc/fstab, /proc/mounts, or something else alltogether?
  they are probaly listed in /etc/fstab
do you have config files from the old server?
hi all
any1 know where i could find printer drivers for a Lexmark 9350?
go to lexmark's website
lspci
maybe it's ATI Mobile 3?
my gf got it in hers Dell
you might get killed
but can't someone help me getting access with my normal user to sshfs foldeR?
I'm going to kill YOU if you keep making such morbid jokes... ;P
Any program which which can be used to partition a harddisk in Ubuntu
something easy to install...
gparted, 'Gnome PArtition Editor'
has anyone tried 7.04 PPC Hedge 4?
is there anyway to perform an alternate install? The GUI installer hangs on selecting a root partition (with the manual partitioning utility)
NO. It is development you know. Better at !feisty
alanbell it tells me command not found  that sudo get-apt upgrade
apt-gte
apt-get
what do you guys use to rip cds?
what do you guys use to rip cds? i tried K3b but it doesnt seem to be working
dd
hello i'm having a problem with beryl it was working until i started turning a lot of features on and now every time i run berly ubuntu freezes. What needs to be done to get rid of the berly settings(i can't even run berly-manager). I also tried a apt-get remove on berly, emerald..etc but when i install the settings are still there
rm -rf $HOME/.beryl
careful so you don't delete your entire home directory
лолшто?
вась небыкуй
english here /join #ubuntu-ru
Weird how it still comes up 'password change successful'
I was typing 'passwd' instead of 'passwd [USERNAME]'
here is a link on resetting that user password.  http://www.psychocats.net/ubuntu/resetpassword
anybody can help me to recover my windows?
bazhang:yup
how many partions you have?
Is there a way to see what packages you have installed with apt-get ?
use dpkg -L
use dpkg -l
does anyone know of a good guide to menuconfig?  ive read most of the help, but last time i configged it wierd things broke....
ie, ping worked, but http did not
you have teh same ISP as me, in this area
Win7 Beta is definately better then Vista already!
I took a crap earlier that looked better than vista
lol. bloated and slow?
hello how can i learn bandwidth speed of a whatever ip ?
hello how can i learn bandwidth speed of a whatever ip ?
sometimes your isp has a diagnostic page on their server page
Hey guys. I'm trying to install Vista, already have Ubuntu installed. I've got the disc in the computer but it won't boot from it; any way to force that?
this is a ubuntu channel
I know, hence why I'm asking here
I havent tried the cp command yet cause the usb drive is also ntfs and has about 200g of stuff on it and I didnt know if I could do /cp from ntfs to ntfs usb on a drive with data already on it
Im still learning all the ins and outs of ubuntu I am in no way a master yet
clonezilla, or dd.
anyway of backing up repositories and their keys for reinstalling system on another computer?
what software?
I mean back up my synaptic configuration repos keys and all
Hi, is there a way to install gnome2 on ubuntu 12.04?
no.  consider gnome2 dead.
that's isn't gnome2 at all, that's gnome3 fallback.  see '/msg ubottu notunity' for more info on gnome-panel
im new on to linux and want to know how do i install programs such as tar.gz etc or package??
wats foo
answer is to first check if the application is available in synaptic (system -> admin -> synaptic)
I have an HP dv6-2155dx laptop, with numeric keypad.  When I tried 11.4 in memory, the pad worked as expected, but I don't know how to configure it to work, now that I have installed in on the hard drive.  Any troubleshooting thoughts?
have you checked for available drivers?
Drivers?  I thought that it was a config thing.  Not sure about any KB drivers.
For the latest version you would need to compile it
For the latest version within the ubuntu repositories, they should be pulled down with the automatic updates, however you can do an update manually if you want -- sudo aptitude update, then sudo aptitude upgrade
> hmm okay thanks
anyone have any suggestions for alternative photo-media management tools aside from Digikam and F-Spot?
picasa?
should run fine (i use f-spot though)
has anyone tried to connect wii remote over bluetooth?
no, but it should work, you have drivers on the net for the wii mote
ok, thanks.
how do i erase a line i've typed in terminal?
without just backspacing
after hitting enter?
is there a way to update firefox from 1.0.2 to 1.0.4
?
if you're running hoary you already have 1.0.4, you just need to change the version string
Hi All - Trying to edit and add a line to my < etc/modprobe.d/alsa-base > to get my sound working. But permission is denied to edit file. Any suggestions?
Perm denied? Use sudo before command
Or become root using either fakeroot or 'sudo -s'
can anyone help me in a private conversation
you should ask here, and whoever can help you will respond.
the installation of what?
i have ubuntu installed on my hdd only, i need to put windows back on.  Can i partition my free space and then install windows?
sure , gksudo gparted
actually the best would be if you have already free space in your hdd to just boot from windows cd and partition the free space in there
can i convert my primary partition to a logical one without data loss?
that's a odd request, what do you really want to do?
ya, there is a 4 primary limit.  I doubt you can do much without deleting one of those primary to create an extended (but i'm not big on changing partioning after the fact, so someone else might have a better idea)
Hi, i''ve just installed this Linux os cos i wanted a change but urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, i don't know how to install anything?  nothing seems to work
ubuntu
please change your nick. It is spammy and unnecessary.
Jokar: poor thing still no boot :( i feel ya
not
not booted
how do I set the hostname to be something other than my ip adress...
I ran hostname last time I booted, but it reverted on a reboot:(
Computer->System Tools->Network
Ive got this USB drive that had a e2fs partition yesterday and today it is gone
can anyone recomend a partition recovery utility for ubuntu
photorec
I'm a noob to Ubuntu and I'm trying to figure out how to install DVD Decrypter and DVD Shrink. I already have Wine installed and DVD Decrypter installed but it won't defect the drive. I tried following instructions at http://www.mrbass.org/linux/ubuntu/dvdshrink/ but it's just not working.
Consider k9copy as an alternative.
I'll give it a shot.
I want to recompile my kernel, and I understand I need linux-kernel-devel. Unfortunately, my Ubuntu machine is offline, and I can't use apt to get it. What is in linux-kernel-devel? I cna download the individual packages myself.
By dingy, I missed something. I'm on intrepid and according to https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Kernel/Compile linux-kernel-devel doesn't exist! I have to download some other packs. Problem solved!
http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=311158
can somebody pm me the pastebins i posted?
you can check the logs for this channel
should be at the top of the hour
And like i said 1400 people and you and two others are the only ones helping.
i agree, so I will abandon Ubuntu. Thanks for your assistance .
good luck and farewell
﻿ if i just installed Ubuntu, are there any apps or anyhing that you guys recommend i get?
many, how long have you got;)
just browsing through the forums, or Applications>Add/Remove Programs
I'm having a problem i just installed ubuntu for the first time and I can't  change the resolution above 1024x768 can anyone help?
ok let me search there website
dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg
hi all, i have rearly a big Problem with my wireless card, i have try all what i can but i hav'nt get any result, plz help to stop my wlan card to disconnect i have Lucid and Intel Corporation PRO/Wireless 3945ABG is my wireless card
hi all, i have rearly a big Problem with my wireless card, i have try all what i can but i hav'nt get any result, plz help to stop my wlan card to disconnect i have Lucid and Intel Corporation PRO/Wireless 3945ABG is my wireless card
Please don't flood, use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste, don't use Enter as punctuation.
how do I start bash?
Help I have the drivers for my Nvidia card. But when I try to run this command...(sh NVIDIA-Linux-x86-1.0-8762-pkg1.run) under run as a different user(root) nothing happens. anyone know if I am doing it wrong?
have you tried the drivers from synatpic?
Hi guys, Im running on Dell Celeron laptop ubuntu 10.10, since its not supported anymore I was thinking of upgrading (fresh installation to ubuntu 12.04 or 11.10, do you think it is advisable? would I  take a performance hit?
Hi guys, Im running on Dell Celeron laptop ubuntu 10.10, since its not supported anymore I was thinking of upgrading (fresh installation to ubuntu 12.04 or 11.10, do you think it is advisable? would I  take a performance hit?
 i guess 12.04 is stable enough to install, support in #ubuntu+1
I am using internal modem(PCI card), but i can't see /dev/modem .why?
It might be a so-called 'Winmodem' - a quite dumb card which makes the Windows drivers do everything... Cheap to produce, but hard to use in Linux.
If it isn't, check for /dev/ttyS* - that's how serial ports are presented. And internal modems, I think, are connecting through a virtual serial port, or something like that.
go for :1337, IMO
;)
Err:508
Into DVD video?
Who would want to do that?  Data is more efficient.
none in the wild that were ever widespread
how can i install java and how can i remove plz help
the default java of ubuntu zanberdo
the default java of Ubuntu doesn't always play nicely with things
anyone know how to get the flash plugin for sites like hulu
get the restricted extras
by doing what. also when i used the wubi it worked after i installed the plugin from the popuo toolbar in firefox
How do I change the permissions on a single folder in Ubuntu? I tried chmod a+rwx File but then when I enter from GUI I don't have permission to create files.
sudo before that
Yupp, I was root.
aib:
hi
this is a very low level bug in initramfs-tools that renders my *work*station unusable. they aren't replying to me on launchpad :/
is there a way to boost youtube videos audio, im maxing out my volume but still, the sound is too low
are you maxed in your system sound and the youtube vid volume?
yeah
This is probably a basic question but google isnt telling me... how do I put a windows xp boot sector ('ntldr' boot sector) on a partition?
Well its sort of ubuntu related, I figured there might be a linux tool to write boot sectors.
the boot sector has to be in the beginning of the disk
can some 1 help me i burnt the installer disc for ubuntu... but once it checks the hardware i get a black screen
ahhhhhh....
you'd probably have to use the alternate cd for a text base install
How can i have it so i can remotly connect to the computer, even when no one is loged on?
X or console?
same session or different one?
Xubuntu probably feels the closest to old Gnome if you're after that
KDE 4 is a lot better than it used to be though, it's pretty usable these days
I'll give it a spin
http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/debian/chapter/book/appa_01.html
here good overview of linux tree
thanks, ill check it out
who wrote this channels annoying bot? please delete him from cyberspace
do i need to follow guide title 'install print server on ubuntu' and that solve my issue ?
yes, you should have a CUPS server running if its installed correctly
you should use gksudo gedit, not sudo gedit
ok ty
there is no /etc/X11/xorg.conf file for 12.04 lts ubuntu?
hi all, is there is any interactive Firewall to use on Ubuntu?
thx ubottu
UFW has a gui called GUFW.
i just installed ubuntu command line and now i'm trying to install nvidia drivers but when i go to install nvidia-glx-180 it wants to install stuff for me to compile, how do i install nvidia drivers without compiling anything?
what packages are required?
http://www.ubuntugeek.com/common-problems-and-solutions-for-nvidia-restricted-drivers-after-ubuntu-810-intrepid-ibex-upgrade.html
Hello gang
I'm guessing this place is a little different than yahoo and aol, huh?
yup it is different and better in alot of ways
@usb
!usb
thats what i was looking at.
i need to login to gnome from ssh as a user, to let me then VNC into the server... is this something i can do over ssh?
wait, VNC over X over SSH?
that's going to be *slow*
i run startx and xorg starts up into the gnome desktop but most of the screen is cropped (black), can post my xorg log if anyone thinks they could help
X should run by default
yes it does but ive been changing the video driver
on my system SATA.
on my system a USB key :)
on my system SATA, md0 would be an array.
hello, i cant logon into my ubuntu for some reason
is there anyway to fix it
reinstall it
how do i add some program to my repo list?
You dont add programs to your repo list
edit your sources.list .... but use caution... which ones are you trying to add.
++. if you're root and its wired, you -should- see every packet the machine does.
yes, but the machine wont see all lan traffic
depends on the switch. some can be told to go promisc.
Hello. I'm wondering if anyone can point me to a good music player that supports both playlists and Cyrillic
Right now I use rhythmbox , but all of my songs in Cyrillic come out as random letters ('A.Aaniao')
use easytag
I just built a new PC to run Ubuntu 8.04 and I can't get it to install. I am stuck in a loop with ata errors. Can someone assist me please?
sounds like you plugged in or jumpered something wrong
I thought that something like that was possible also so I ditched all PATA devices and bought two new SATA hard drives and SATA DVD-RWs. I only have SATA devices now.
Rofl..
(Spinal tap fans here?)
:-D
yes not very pc freindly with flash
why is flash jerky
check the release notes on intel graphic card problems
whats the default root passwd for the livecd?
livecd has no root password
sudo
should I be able to run Beryl with Radeon 9800 Pro and opensource drivers?
best thing to do is try it and see
Checking for non power of two texture support   : failed
maybe it is swap?
﻿is possable to add exceptions for some theme, eg I dont want that my current dark theme apply eg to openOffice and Limewire?
naaaw i don't think so, 2gig ram here and it is really nonstop like a beagled gone wild or so
anyone knows a channel for C# beginners ?
for a beginner i would suggest maybe a tutorial or wiki online to get the basics
its not that much a beginner
How do I change my name do not want this ?
plx?
/nick I suspect.
oop nm then.  dont let me interupt
I downloaded the drivers for nvidia cards from their website but its both telling me i need root to run (and therefor im using sudo) but then it says i need to run when x server isnt enabled.  any recommendations?
use the restricted drivers manager, don't download from the website
Which is bizarre and non-standard.
mabe the manual is any help ? http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/lucid/man1/pvm_intro.1PVM.html
thank you. :) I have already read it.
where can I get the howto for xchat
ELLo where can I get the howto for xchat?
terminal, 'man xchat'?
QUESTION:  How do you set up a link on your desktop to go o a certain program I installed with WINE?
right click > create launcher, use the command you would use from a terminal
wine file.exe
If I am trying to use a USB drive to play media on VLC, how would I locate that?
did you mount the usb drive first?
I think I now have it sort of working.  I have a lot of media on an external HD.  Its almost always plugged in to the computer.  I keep having my playlist library interrupted each time I restart the computer.
hello, I try to use this command in lftp 'open ftp://user/name:password@example.com', which 'user/name' is my ftp account name and can't be changed. this give out an error 'Name or service not known', how to resolve it
is there really a '/' in your username?
yes
hey can you install ubuntu from the livecd?
ive looked everywhere on the thing and havent found much
no, don't think so
Windows is not showing up on my Grub boot loader
yea
you can put it back in there.  /boot/grub/menu/lst is the file to edit
hello I have my Windows PC IP and my Ubuntu IP, what programs or whatever do I need to connect the two computers
ejer?
samba
was xmms removed from the repo's for a reason ?
I can only find xmms2
I thnk we'Re up to xmms2 now
I have two files which contains, for example, this info: (file1.cfg: foo 192.168.123 and file2.cfg: foo 192.168.123). Now i need to rename the foo to 'bar' in all files. How can I do it automatically, bash script or smth, thank you in advance.
well I have to use grep, right?
'man sed', look for s//
I'm off. Good luck rast4. Thanks Flannel
Hello, I am getting an error when loading Grub. It says Grub is loading...please wait and then after a while it says Error 16.  This is entirely sudden, nothing has been installed or updated since it was last working.
 I recall having a similar problem, and I traced it to having an external USB HD plugged in while attempting to boot.
Anyone have an idea?
whast the problem?
not sure sorrry
is it useful for anything other than irc?
free widescreen upgrade...SWEET! ;)
 i think ive seen it used in other areas.. but overall.. not really
Hello! I'm having some serious problems with NetworkManager, and I need to restart the whole app. How do I completely reinstall the NetworkManager?
sudo /etc/init.d/networking restart
I want to reinstall it.
does anyone know if the newest xrandr stuff will be in feisty. Or perhaps some repos. I've got a laptop which I often connect to various monitors.
no, xrandr 1.2 will only be in X.org 7.3, which is not yet released
ok thanks
Hello, I'm new here to the support channel and I'm a little lost trying to find the proper channel for network issues
could you point me in the right direction
if you are using a recent desktop edition of ubuntu, this is it
people, please how can i install nvidia display driver and when i use 'sh NVIDIA-Linux....run' as it's written on their web it tells me that i need to exit X server....but what is X server? :)
dont do it that way.
so how can i install it?
thinking to develop an facebook messenger client for ubuntu, Suggest me if the idea is good or not ?
there are many around, you could contribute to those
ya there are many but, i am also thinking to integrate the functions like facebook user parsing, for example, if the user puts the group id it scans all the details of that group and give the output in specific formates and many more features like profile editing and password changing and all other what every u can do in facebook,
i recently upgraded my kernel to get an SD card working that did not work with the stock ubuntu kernel, now my printing and scanning does not work as regular user. does ubuntu do something to the kernel to get things things to run as user ?
device permissions?
i don't know, the only thing that i changed was the kernel, and now I need to run xsane as root ...
Hi, is it safe to move/shift a windows recovery partition with gparted? Would it just do a simple shift or would it move the files?
Nope.  Ususally they have to be exactly where they are or they won't work.  You can remove it completely though
i see, thanks.
should i get the 64bit ubuntu for my virtual machine, or 32bit
its a vm for testing purposes, nothing too important
probably best to run the same version as your host
hello
is there any Kubuntu users here, how's your karmic experience
: #kubuntu
Can someone please tell me how to click OK in this damn window http://img808.imageshack.us/img808/4395/92753842.png ??
please ??
Try your keyboard (left/right space/enter)
Anybody know how can i get TCL
 sudo aptitude install tcl   ?
 actually the package name is tcl8.4
bazhang; i need a program which can see movies online and my version is 9.04
google is your friend  http://www.google.ca/#hl=en&source=hp&q=watch+movies+online&btnG=Google+Search&meta=lr%3D&fp=d1cd44e5b61141e5
other then saying you want to watch online movies you haven't asked a question
does anyone know of a free or OS collaboration website ? or application i can put on my host ?
Bitweaver
thanks :D
why does wifi have to be so difficult with linux? its always been a pain
it has gotten better
which broadcom chip?
can i install more than one usb modem drivers to run my modem because it's not listed or i need to try only one at time ?
one at a time is probably best
how can i install all usb drivers from ubuntu live-cd package into my new ubuntu installation ?
adriana is spamming onjoin
you can report such issues in #ubuntu-ops
& LjL cheers
http://www.darkerradio.com/
0o
please don't advertise in here
how can i do a search for a file in the terminal?
with locate or find
locate is fast but relies on a database that is rebuilt usually once a day.  find is slower but will find files if they exist, regardless of when they may have been installed.
martin, install from a flash, install from a network, buy a portable hard drive
I can't usb boot on my macbook air..
can't boot from any usb, my mac is too new
<terry> gkrellm
where would I find that??
I want CPU temperature
Holy hell I just discovered tabs in the Mac terminal. Does Ubuntu do this?
Oh god I love this so much more now
terminal has always done tabs.
d
好咯
の本後？
Hi,
One question, for which reason 'ls < params' does'nt read the parameters from the file 'params' ?
try ls `cat parameterfile`
Hi, I have download a deb package. how to install it?
Hi, how to install a deb package. I used this command but it doesnt work:  sudo deb install libstdc++5_3.3.6-15_i386.deb
simple double-click it
do you guys have plug and play os as yes in your bios when booting to ubuntu?
i've had both, not noticed any difference
if you aren't using them, disable the paralell/serial port, frees and irq
2.6.10-5-386 what it means?
how to know ubuntu version?
its a generic kernel
you have to sudo right?
you can use sudo su to get close
sys > admin > users
hello
i'm running off of the Ubuntu Hoary livecd right now, and i noticed that when i move windows arround it has a sort of 'ghost' effect when redrawing the windows, is this normal? is there a way to fix this?
it doesnt do that on an installed ubuntu
anyone here use mplayer-mt
?
whats mt?
hmm
i use Video Download Helper...firefox plugin. works for me
thanks i'll try that..
hola
alguien habla espaol?
usa #ubuntu-es en vez de este canal.
So, to say it succinctly: Do PCs with Sempron-64 need Ubuntu 64-bit?
no, they run both i386 and x86_64
Thank you.
Okay, so I have another question :D I have Ubuntu 5.04 'Hoary Hedgehog', and I want to upgrade to 5.10 'Breezy Badger', how difficult is it for me to upgrade? I'm not too familure with apt-get, but is there an easy way for me to upgrade?
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/BreezyUpgrade
yw :)
anyone know of good sound editor?  i wanna to cut like 20 minutes off of an mp3
...
audacity
Hey guys, Anyone know if a CUPS print server is going to be compatible with both windows and mac OS hosts?
it should; ipp is a standar. and you could use samba too for the windows clients
Mac OS X uses cups too
is there anyway I can compare between a character and a string, the string is a two dimentional array, and I stored ')' in one of them, how can I compare it with a ')' now < when I do regular comparison it shows comparison between pointer and integer')
it is c
##c
you might want 'script' (the command)
i dont quite understand that :S
man script might enlighten you
hello all ,I have a question..I have a vps and a domain...I created the name server at the domain registers ns1.mydomain.com and ns2.mydomain.com that goes to the vps ip and then set the domain to these nameservers the problem is that is not resolving..what do I have to do next?
ok
In the TLR, ns1 and ns2 must have different addresses.  Many registers won't properly publish your domain if you try to do that.
im so pissed ubuntu doesnt work
I have amd64 and Sata
have you tried burning at a slower speed?  have you checked the cd's md5sum?
how would i format a usb flash drive? i'm getting file system errors on it
use fdisk
you probably want it FAT32 formatted for windoze compatibility
Ok, I now have Hardy installed, how do I go about not allowing 'proposed'? updates from being downloaded/installed?
<vader>Noooooooooooooooooo!</vader> now that I have Hardy installed the fellow who was helping me is no longer connected here and my question fades into obscurity!! :(
 what question
anyone have some good apt repos, or are the defaults breezy ones good?
you've got the Universe & Multiverse repos enabled?
then you've got over 15,000 packages to play with - let us know when you run out ;)
hello guys,  How can I make to run my applications anywhere by its binary name e.g. firefox %u
echo $PATH - anything in those directories you just need to type the binary name
thanks going to check it!
Hi, is dapper stable enough to install and just keep updating?
i really want compiz
yeah.  compiz might not be stable though
in DOS when you wanted to pause the directory listing, you typed, 'dir/p', what's the equivalent of that in BASH?
ls|less
ls|less -R (if you have ls --color)
Hello Guys
Does anybody know a program like eMule for linux?
xmule
is HAL a internet related thing on gnome?
in the linux world HAL stands for HArdware Abstraction Layer
I just saw that and nice joke :P
if you have windows you can use unetbootin and install that way
you can install to the hard drive
what do you have now
hi everyone
i have a question
try asking, if someone can , they will help
i'll simplify my question.. if you add a pci device, will it get autodetected and will the drivers be automatically installed?
(assuming the device is supported)
if the device is supported, the answer is yes.
 Ultimately, the nature of a virus and the stopping power of a checker though means you are practicing far worse security related issues on your machine.
um, not sure I understand you...
I mean that by using a virus checker as a net, you have probably already violated many security principles to let it get to the point of being caught.
I'm trying to understand what files I need to backup in case of hard drive failure.  Obviously I should backup my /home/ folder.  It also seems that I should backup my /etc/, /var/, and /usr/local.   Is there anything else I should consider?
home is really the most important, the others you mention could be useful, but unless you're backing up everything, there's obviously still going to be reinstallation to be done, and it could potentially be a hassle
hmm OK thank you.
can I install the 32bit version of ubuntu on a AMD64 machine?
no catches?
yes
gpaint or kolourpaint4       both in  synaptic
yeah found kolourpaint4 , thanks
actually there are three  gpaint or kolourpaint4 or mtpaint      they are  in  synaptic
did someone try Midori?
i have a netbook, what web browser is better to use at netbook?
personal preference: Chrome
Hey, any idea how to backup the Ktorrent seeding torrents before a clean Ubuntu reinstall? I really don't want to reseed manually over 100 torrents.
I believe it should be in it's config directory.
~/.ktorrent maybe... or ~/.kde/ktorrent or something similar
Im on the installation right now for ubuntu, and its on the 'prepare partions' step, can someone please tell me what to do so i can set up a dual boot?
how much free space is needed?
for an ubuntu installation i'd always want at least 10 GB (but i do tend to install a lot of software)
has anyone else experienced issues with wi fi in ubuntu 9.10
please post your issue with as much detail as possible.
run lspci from terminal
Hi, Does anybody know how to 'redirect' the instalation of an Ubuntu program to another partition when the Ubuntu partition is full? Thanks.
Increasing the size of the ubuntu partition with a tool like gparted would probably be the most logical solution
Thanks.
hey, does anyone know how to change NAT settings correctly for vmware on ubuntu ?
help here with vmware. please ?
tell us!
Q: is there any Google Wave notificator for Ubuntu? (I don't use Firefox, just Google Chrome...)
not yet i dont think
ok, ic, thx
I'm using ubuntu and am considering getting an ipod touch. I know you have to jailbreak it in order to get it working at all with linux. If I get an older edition, will I be able to use a program like banshee to sync it like I do my old ipod or is that currently impossible with any ipod touch?
ipod? please, dont.
Sansa fuse
Bonjour ?
Please, where is the french chat on irc plz ?
#ubuntu-fr
hello everyone...is anyone here familiar with running VirtualBox under Ubuntu?
can anyone help me with getting sound to work in winxp under vmware under ubuntu?
ask in ##windows
I'm on ubuntu 8.04, trying to upgrade to 9.04, but there isn't the option in upgrade manager, any help?
go into the 'software sources' settings thingy.. I think there is a setting for upgrading only to LTS release, all new releases or no releases
Thanks, should be sorted now.
hello all!  I'd like some help setting up a network bridge for virtualbox.  Could someone please assist me?  My problem is that my current bridge only gives me an ip address from within the virtual machine, but it is not usable - I cannot ping anything including my own gateway
u r using VMWare or so?
- virtualbox
 AMD64 or 32bits ?
32
 Synaptic, sun-java6-plugin
hello. what can i use in ubuntu to find specs of the computer i am using?
hello. what can i use in ubuntu to find specs of the computer i am using?
lshw
i'm looking into using Ubuntu for my next os, how customizeable (graphically) is it?
script was someone else :P
sorry, wrong nickname
!info mozplugger | if you use firefox, no ide if it works in opera cor_r
mmm it only says mozilla
I installed that as well nad I do use firefox
hi, i got a acer 3300u, found a manual on the internet howto get it working, but for some reason it still doesn't really do. xsane-0.996 = version; OS = ubuntu 9.04 ; anybody who knows what could be wrong? (yes i asked this at #sane but nobody to answer)
I commend you for your extreme patience.
i've only waited for one whole day in #sane and it looks like im just ignored here, do you understand then?
will there only one GUI (tty7 only), or can we start x on another tty ?
:D
there are ways of starting a gui on a different tty but I don't know how.
hi, im using gutsy gibbon. when a window / app is slow, the windows are getting grey.  can i disable that?
That is a feature, it's so you know that it is not responding
And IIRC there is a way to disable it
Evening All. I have a question about setting up a wireless card on xubuntu.
Is this a place I can seek support?
for ubuntu, yes
how do i reinstall something with apt-get?
apt-get install --reinstall packagename
thanx
1)How do I take x out of the default startup
2)How do I forward the x to the system I am really on ?
install & man ssh
The configure in a package I want gives an error.  How to proceed?
How do I search a package in apt-get
apt-cache search
hey anyone who uses aptitude and has done a minimal iso / netinst : should sudo aptitude keep-all be my very first command on a bare system? or does it not matter?
 aptitude is broken atm , use apt-get instead
thanks
how hard is it to install XFCE and switch between gnome/xfce?
easy easy
/ Flannel thank you
how do you intsall build essentials?
sudo apt-get install build-essentials
cant find the package?
lol
geysser: can't connect to yahoo?
No, problem is that it crashes! :)
Is there a convenient way to put together a restricted-modules package for a self-compiled kernel?
why are you bothering with your own kernel?
no, I avoid reiser even more than I do the plague
CyperCod: you need the icedtea plugin
dumnut ifconfig
ty
could anyone link me to the resolution fix?
does anyone know why i cant set my resolution past 800 X 600?
I have hte same prob
using 9.04: if i delete the desktop folder from the home folder, everything i have in the home folder shows on the desktop, and even if i recreate the desktop folder, i don't get the expected behavior
you need to go into gconf and tell it to use the /home/<user>/Desktop folder agaion
thanks
quick question: how do I kill/restart X from an Xterminal? My desktop is not responding to any mouse activity (Lucid)
 ps -aux | grep gdm , then kill gdm_id
oh that I know, just wondered if there was a more direct way
Is there an apache monitor of some sort for ubuntu, so I can see if any files are being downloaded?
any sort of apache log monitor will tell you that, it won't be an ubuntu specific thing
ok ;) What is an apache log manager?
why is ubuntu so popular amongst *nix?
because it's easy to install and use, has a large and nice community willing to help users, with good documentatoin and a huge base of packages thinks to debian
check out https://wiki.ubuntu.com/NewUbuntuUsers for some new user info
My fellow ubuntunians, due to a windows reinstall, my mbr has been erased. That being said, how do i reinstall grub @ mbr ?
Lemme find the link.
YW.
I never got sippeter1's messages
oh wel
lol
which is better to use - network manager or wicd
considering it comes with n-m, guess
at the very least, it gets more attention
Hey folks
My logitech g5 mouse keeps cutting out on me any suggestions?
Battery, at a guess..
!compiz | maulana
am have do install compiz but desktop effect still not working.
You have to also install CCSM or a similar tool.
your site apears to be down you can try another ubuntu mirror site
 this might work System>Administration>Software Sources>Change the server
 be well i think that one works
Hello, I installed 11.04 with a USB, but its still booting in my windows partition. how can I change that?
How can I change the default bootable partition on a livecd?
this may help - https://help.ubuntu.com/community/LiveCDCustomization
how to upgrade to 7.04 version?
great!
'gksu update-manager -c' (most probably this is the upgrade command)
I have INTEL G45 (v. 2.7 driver, new xorg) and 3D Blender. And I see some artifacts in main window. Is here someone who has the same problem?
not really. You could ask in #blender, though
Alright.
I am running ubuntu in VM, and I access host (Linux kubuntu) via SMB. I open few wav  files on host and try to convert then with this program, I set up SoundConverter to write to home directory, and I do have write access to host via SMB, but still it complains about beeing unable to _write_ to host smb directory.
What to do?
same issue here. I'm still triying to find out the answer.
what do anyone think about xandros
 what does any one think about xandros
this is not #xandros so I guess you are offtopic
when i try the command cp /folder/ /home/zack/folder2 it says cp: ommiting directory 'folder'
cp -r
thanks
Hello, how can i convert a ReiserFS partition to FAT 32 ?
Hello, how can i convert a ReiserFS partition to FAT 32 ?
backup, refomat, copy back
  ...   Feisty ...     ..  17...     ..   ..   ..
i'm sorry
zaidi v #ubuntu-ru
I don't understand why Turgon got banned. He *was* using pastebin!
Whoa, replied to super old scrollback. Hehe.
refere such question in #ubuntu-ops
anyone here know of a good ip blocker like peerblock for windows?
 you are wanting to blovk ips for what reason?
 totally depends on what you are wanting to secure.. people hammering your ssh server = fail2ban or other tools can auto blacklist ips.
cool topic :)
commandline is as new as everything else
very nice way of seeing things
Hi all, I want to ditch windows and jump fully to ubuntu... but I use adobe illustrator and photoshop heavily...
check the appdb
/msg ubottu equivalents
Does anyone know how to change your keyboard layout manually?
I recently updated some files, and it changed my keyboard layout for some reason, and I can't login, I'm using a Live CD right now.
you can use xset for that I think
how to access unity settings without being in unity ? ie what is the name of the app
: tried myunity?
yes, but it doesn't solve my problem :) thanks for help
is the any software in ubuntu like quicktime
i want a quicktime software for ubuntu
What do you mean by 'Quicktime software' ? A media player? Catalogue?
was intrepid released?
sadly?
Its really buggy
what's new about ubuntu 9.04?
ask in #ubuntu+1
look here: http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=49714
please how can i make a file readable RW with chmod command ?
 --> chmod tutorial --> http://www.catcode.com/teachmod/index.html
thank you...
how do I create a new user guys?
this is easy, come on
maybe with $adduser
guys i'm trying to open mtorrent with 'wine' and appears this: (The file '/home/grigoriades/Επιφάνεια εργασίας/utorrent.exe' is not marked as executable.  If this was downloaded or copied form an untrusted source, it may be dangerous to run.  For more details, read about the executable bit.)
chmod it to be executable
also chmod it's desktop file to be executable
I'm sure this question has been asked a lot tonight, but does anyone know when Edgy is supposed to be released?  As in, how many hours?
no
alright, thanks.
Howdy :-) - I've got a laptop with ubuntu and a second screen. I've mad it a 'extended desktop', but I see the taskbar on the laptop, not the external monitor (I guess the notebook sees the internal screen as the main screnn) - How can I change that ?
 You can drag the gnome panel to the 2nd monitor if you wanted. Or add a new panel there.
 my nvidia setup. the nvidia-config tool has a 'set this as display as primary monitor' then gdm and the panels and stuff defauinted to it,.
install ubuntu server from where ?
ubuntu desktop?
i have shell access on a computer without a CD drive but it has no operating system on it
good evening everybody
good evening
can you be more specific
!debian | kisuke
thank you for the useless factoid.
you're welcome
test
working
in the future, you can use !test
try lspci -tv and look for the audio controller
good call :)
thx there's a great pdf called unixtoolbox, that's where I found it.  I use it all the time.  you might want to google it.
yes it works without the dvd. there _is_ a copy protection scheme on this dvd but last week i managed to get by that, only i don't remember how :/
that's a bit odd. i don't do much dvd playing with linux so i'm not sure why that is, really...
it must be the protection scheme on the dvd and gxine must in some way bypass it, well i guess.
is there any way for the default ftp program to support tab completion for typing out long file names?
i love notwist the band
hehe :)
How would I run a program as root, from a desktop icon, anyone have an idea?
put 'gksu' in front of the normal command in the launder
*launcher
i have problem install ubuntu 7.10 after vista, i installed ub 7,10 in external usb harddisk..., grub already installed, but  still can't dual boot. every booting, will direct to vista
how to solve ???
 ive heard of a lot of issues with booting external usb drives. There was some web site that had some tutorals on it.
is there a bittorrent like app packaged with ubuntu?  if so, what's it called?
apt-cache search torrent
thanks!
I upgraded my Debian sid system in place to Hoary. If you want to try that (it had a couple of wrinkles, but few) then you could just back up the important bits and keep the rest where it is.
- I want to reformat. Clean start. Larger swap, etc. (i've got 10Gb unaccounted for on my HDD, hence desire for clean start)
I see.
I am missing the battery indicator from my panel and it no longer is in the panel by default like I would like it to be. How do I fix this?
you could reset your panel
how?
which tool to dial up?
pon/poff, wvdial or the clicky one in network settings.
thanks
greetings
could someone perhaps tell me how to get a screen resolution of higher than 1024x768?  the machine is quite capable of it, and I have added '1280x1024' to the appropriate lines in xorg.conf.  Thanks.
try 'dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg' and select the appropriate resolutions, then restart x
what is the apt-get name for KDE, I'm not sure and I refuse to use Synaptic
what is the apt-get name for KDE, I'm not sure and I refuse to use Synaptic
isnt that kubuntu-desktop ? and why would you refuse to use synaptic?
how do ubuntu's update packages work? i want to get the latest version of pidgin without doing anything and was wondering when it'll happen automatically
i mean like, using apt-get
you only get security/critical bug fixes, not version updates
hi all, does anyone know how i could use thunderbird to read my mail instead of mail or mutt programs?
i have thunderbird installed, i tried setting up a pop acc. with localhost as server but when i try to check mail i get localhost: connection refused. not a firewall isssue.
to read your local mail or mail from some pop server (such as gmail) ?
no problem aram
Thanks from me as well
By trying to help him...
how can install to harddrive using lilo instead of grub?
you'd need the alternate installer, and do a manual custom install
basically: don't do it. lilo support is quite archaic in ubuntu
is there any Ubuntu derivates that use a BSD kernel?
yes there is
do you remember it's name?
hey guys on my android phone so tough to type i got a long boot time off ubu 11.04 and flashing scroll and caps lock. cant do anything. comes after i press numlck getting wierd lzma errors
sounds like kernel panic..  smells like corrupt install medium and/or faulty hardware
iow, faulty hardware
where do you set environment variables that need to be set on startup?
/etc/environment
per user in ~/.gnomerc
\0*
how can i set a directory to be +rw for any user?
perhaps you mean all users?
hello
does anyone know how to make shortcuts from cd rom to desktop?
ls -s desktop-shortcut-to-cdrom /media/cdrom
I love Christian Ubuntu: Smart enough to use FOSS, but not smart enough to not talk to invisible men in the sky.
invisible men?
until dawn arrives should the clouds whether away.
Does anyone know what the name of the command is for Crossover Games? I don't use gnome-panel (or any menu system as such), but dmenu.
hi . might be crossover
Nope, it isn't it.
I have a 7,1 MacBook Pro. Will the Oneiric's kernel battery regression affect it?
itll prob affect anything on battery
so, wich hardwares are affected?
do you know a good rss reader application?
depends, but I like the Firefox 'sage' add-on/extension
I have that, but I want something off-browser, a stand-alone app
holas. alguien sabe como crear ina imagen de cd o dvd con ectencion .iso para agregar archivos?
va con que soft se puede rear esa imagen a si agregar archivos.
Insert raw CD, Drag files into CD folder and burn
Hi - Running new upgraded Ibex over previous Heron - Is there a simpler or quicker way to turn off my computer - As it is now - I use CTRL/ALT/DELETE to Log Out then two more steps to actually shutdown - Any idea's ? ?
What is fastest - easiest way to turn off computer - Running Intrepid Ibex ? ?
can't you just click on your name in the top right and select 'shutdown'?
Hello
What is the ligthest version of x that can run boxee box?
there is only one version of X
has anyone ever heard of installing ubuntu on one hard disc screwing up the resolution of a windows installation on a separate hard disc?
a friend of mine had to reinstall his graphics drivers for windows after installing ubuntu on a second hard disc, i had not heard of this before i thought he probably did something very wrong
Maybe some of his drivers were storedon the second hD
hi ubuntu newbie here can someone tell me what to i need to after i untar a ziped file am following a guide that says look for .bin or sh files but can't find any...any help?
its probably extracted into its own directory
look for where the contents of the compressed file got extracted into and go into that directory and start looking for whatever that's needed
!ask | Lichig0
sourdiesel disklabel ? sounds like you can use anything
new drive
hi
i am running ubuntu livecd, my hdd is not being detected but i am able to run ubuntu from livecd. is it running completely off RAM?
yes, the LiveCD runs from RAM
hey there.. if i try to hibernate my laptop it says sometimes that i don't have enough free swap available
RAM 2GB and Swap 1GB
that rule is for swapping. Not suspend/resume. Suspend copies the contents of RAM to the swap partition. Hopefully you can now see the problem...
how do i add codecs to totem
or install glstreamer plugins
apt-cache search totem-gstreamer
run dpkg --configure -a then :)
Ive done it, and tried sudo aswell.
what was the output when you ran dpkg configure -a ?
does someone else know how to use multiple mouse pointers in X?
AFAIK, uou need a special version of X that supports multiple inputs.
acording to this: http://wearables.unisa.edu.au/mpx/?q=downloads this is already integrated in X
Could somebody recommend a good gui based ftp client?
gftp
AMDXP except gfp
I'm having issues running Starcraft's Battle.net with wine. I can select the gateway and I almost get to the log in page, when the program suddenly quits. The terminal error message is setup_exception_record stack overflow and then a lot of hex numbers
any ideas?
try #winehq
hi, i install apache2 and tomcat6 on ubuntu server 10.04. but outside my home network, no one could connect to my server, giving timeout issues? anyone have any idea why?
sounds like the firewall on ubuntu is enabled
i check ufw and it was disabled from the start
hey there
I can't seem to get my Wireless Network card running
what type of card are you using
hello ubuntuers
whats going on
 with what terminal command, can I have the previlege to write on HDD primary?
how do i reinstall a program via apt-get?
sudo apt-get --reinstall install packagenamehere
thanks :)
does ubuntu's abiword have odt support?
a plugin for abiword will give you .odt support.
the abiword plugins should be available via Synaptic package manager. you'll have to look for it.
Can someone point me in the direction of a good howto to get get internet time syncing working on the desktop version of ubuntu 8.10?
http://tinyurl.com/daokhq
thx :D
Does gnome have a task manager so I can kill off an app that's locking me up?
or do I just have to alt+printscrn+K
system/adminstration/system monitor
anyone here knows of any msn messenger that runs on the terminal?
gtmess
centericq as well
!virus | meoblast001
!acidrip | maragaret
gui?
look in /etc/rc2.d, the scripts that start with an S are run when you boot ubuntu.  You'll have to google for each of the daemons started by those scripts, and then decide yourself if you can stop them from starting
thank you for your response. when i google the terms, should the terms include the letter 's'?
no, you gotta find out what daemon the script that starts with an S is kicking off.  Although, usually, the script is named after the daemon
i'm having a problem with ubuntu one: i keep getting an error saying 'file sync error. (auth failed (AUTH_FAILED))'. My username and password are correct because I can get in through the web interface. does anyone know what's wrong?
#ubuntuone should be able to help
ok thanks
Is there a web proxy cache that mirrors everything a user visits?
dns latency issues, perhap?
no, i'm looking for a web proxy cache, that mirrors everything >.>
how do I setup iptables to start on bootup?
it does.
what?
Amaranth I have too... it is hell - especially if it is a remotely hosted machine
It was.
Without apt?
anybody know a good linux flight simulator?
http://www.flightgear.org/
thanks :)
/me nods
I should have told him to leave another 20-30 GB unpartitioned...
have you got an idea for V4Vendetta?
My fstab looks corect for a drive that gives me an fstab (line8) error. anyway I can find out what might be wrong on it?
Looking for terminal command to learn what if my drive is truly sdc2... halp!
paste /etc/fstab on http://paste.ubuntu-nl.org for us to have a look at it
Any C++ gurus out there?  I am getting an exception about reading out-of-range of a vector when I check the range of the vector before reading it.  See here: http://paste.ubuntu-nl.org/63257/
please try ##c++
thanks
hey guys, where is '.profile'????
where is .profile?
it's in there, but because it starts with a dot it's hidden
Hey guys, Iam having many issues with firefox in ubuntu... could anybody recommend me a light browser?
I usually keep 10 open windows
well there's seamonkey from the repositories
can anyone help me, I just started using ubuntu but im not sure how to install apps and stuff
ask away dude
just type in your password
just purchased this drive to backup some work and everything was going just fine until this error showed up and now i can't mount the drive. any ideas? http://pastebin.com/1HzgAzxS
is there important data on the drive?
hmm, if you've always mounted it as a regular drive, none of those raid things, then I'd check it with a windows machine. but it's probably best to make an image of the drive first if the data is important
!bots
!penis
stop that
Can I install XP Media Center, run GParted to resize the NTFS partition to 50%, and then install Ubuntu?
i guess, but why not just install winmce to a partition that's 50% of the drive?
The stupid OEM install disk is meant for the average computer user. I even find Ubuntu's installation to be extremely simple.
If you've got a kubuntu alternate install cd, I think you can add the cd as a repository source
i have already done it.
, but i think there is something else.
Quick question - does the Ubuntu installer offer the option to create a separate /home partition?
I think you might have to do a manual partition to arrange this, it won't happen automatically
I'm seeing pages...
hi, how do i list all my installed packages?
dpkg -l (or ls /usr/share/doc)
dpkg -l isn't accurate, it list packages which i already removed.
is anyone running rabbitmq on 9.04? I get errors right from a fresh install, 'Starting rabbitmq-server: FAILED - check /var/log/rabbitmq/startup_log, _err rabbitmq-server.'
you check that log ?
I did but it is rather cryptic and the second one says that it core dumped
How stable are the latest development CDs?
Are they upgradable throughotu the development process until the final release?
yes
can someone tell me if i logged in cloaked or uncloaked...
you joined #ubuntu cloaked
thanks
it's true u didn't pay for the os
at least not with money
yeah, with windows i have to pay both ways.  but i make my living from windows. so i don't hate it all.  i just don't use it for personal use anymore.  well, not for the last 3 years.
where can i get the new ubuntu wallpaper?
where can i get the new ubuntu wallpaper?
upgrade to gutsy, not really worth it for a wallpaper though
Can anyone help me change soundcard interface from car0 to card1 in ubuntu hoare
or is there a channel dedicated to help on this server?
this is it
the key is in /ubuntu/dists/feisty/
you mean on most mirrors? or on my filesystem? if latter, not yet :)
on all official mirrors
could anyone recommend a good wired/wireless network switcher?
System -> Administration -> Networking
'sudo ifdown eth0 && sudo ifup wlan0' ???
What about Alsa? Does Pulse make it redundant Bobertdos?
Okay
bobertdos: I liked this article on pulse http://www.linux.com/feature/119926
so sound does not work coming out of susspend is there a way that I can just restart my sound drivers w/o rebooting?
sudo /etc/init.d/alsa-utils restart
ew that is not good.  something has locked onto your sound.  you would have to modprobe -r the sound module then modprobe it
anyone that have used bluetooth and ubuntu?  I wanna use my bluetooth headset
I spent like 3 hours trying to get Bluetooth to work with Ubuntu before finally realizing that my laptop doesn't have Bluetooth.
hehe... but mine have :)
any reason my brand new never used 90GB ext3 partition has 6.8GB 'used' and a folder called lost & found?
any ideas on my partition weirdness?
what kind of partition weirdness?
I have an OO document, when I print from OO  on windows the font size is smaller than when i print the same document from OO on ubuntu
can anyone explain this?
Different fonts, or one uses a built in font of the printer
is there a program to zip files?
or a terminal command?
yes, use tar, or use the Archive-roller
quick question: /dev/sda2 '/media/40 Gig' ntfs nls=utf8,umask=0222 0 0 (in /etc/fstab) <-- why doesn't it work when the folder has spaces in its name?
thx
*nix doesnt like spaces
Is there any tool in the repo for backing up my whole ubuntu installation ? like a restore image ?
not sure if its in the repo but there is remastersys and clonezilla
chute: thanks allot
I have old HDDs that make a clicking sounds the last time they work, It could mean the drive is dieing.
...it's a relatively new drive ...bought 7 months ago ..Western Digital 160G ext usb drive
then I doubt its dieing. Wouldnt know what your problem is.
Is it the case that edgy is now no longer supported so if you are on Edgy you can't update it and you can't upgrade it anymore?
yes, that is true
you can save /home
 np
 ubuntu prefers linux-* over kernel-* from debian
thank's i will give it a go.
Anybody got any experience using linksys WLAN adapters on Ubuntu server?
the ones i tryed only work with ndiswrapper
sudo apt-get install ndiswrapper
If you had 16GB of ram though... how often would you run out of ram...?
if you're running a netbook with only 1gb of ram running Kubuntu-desktop who often whould you run out of ram?\
....?
rtfm?  who does that?
I don't, I try to guess, and after 2hours then I consider rtfm
:-)
how do i remove arabic fonts from my system? I don't want to have terrorist fonts on my pc
i'm just upset that ubuntu installed all those fonts which i think no proud westerner would have any use for on my system. what's the point?
get a life and move out od USA/GB
hello! :]
any ready-to-install packages for httpd 2.4.1 ?
apache?
Windows-users can explore shared folders on system drive, but do not have access to shared folder on mounted ext4 (or NTFS) drive. Please, help!
hi
windows user needs to access a shared ubuntu folder?
The ubuntu login screen completely ignores my keyboard mapping and reverts to qwerty. Is there an easy way to set it?
just curious, what layout you using?
dvorak
how can i change the dependencies of gcc-avr so that i can apt-get build-dep it?
whats the channel for ubuntu jaunty jackalope?
i gues it's really early for jaunty now :)
that won't work
he's talking about other buttons
it is not
How can i make a bootable iso cd in ubuntu?
I burned a iso in gnomebreaker but it was not boot able
somehow it worked for me -_-
how do i run ann app from terminal that when closing the terminal the app doesn't close? :S
or use gnome screen
sorry, didn't read all, forget my statement :)
Guys, X got busted when I installed the Nvidia driver :(
